Sweet.
Jesus.
We're back.
This episode of the Joe Rogan parents podcast is brought to you by Squarespace.
If you are thinking about getting a website built for you,
just before you do that,
just try Squarespace because it's easy enough that a retard like myself,
politically incorrect term special needs.
I think it's okay when you say everybody yourself.
Um,
it's not right if a nigger you can't write,
I don't know.
I don't think you can.
Um,
you could probably,
you can't call yourself a fag.
Can you call yourself a client?
You can probably call yourself a cunt.
I do it every morning.
That's not a problem.
Squarespace is.
What it essentially is,
is a website that's set up for you to make a website very easily and really nice
stuff.
They have over 20 badass designs and you can try it out without ever action.
Having to use any money entering any credit.
Our credit card information,
if you go to squarespace.com forward slash Joe just try it out and you could
build a website,
decided socks and do nothing.
You don't pay anything.
But if you like it,
and I think if you really are looking for a website,
you can make an awesome website.
Super easy.
Brian has made maybe a thousand websites now think he just,
he makes them while we're doing the show.
It's so fucking easy and you can set up like really cool shit.
Like you can have an online store and like 10 minutes.
It's,
the way they have it done is they've really taken all of the mystery out of
website development.
And if you choose to use it,
if you use the code Joe and then the number seven,
um,
you can save yourself some cash.
I think you saved 20 no,
10% I think it's 10% yeah,
they're all the same.
But it's really cool cause it,
the cool thing is is especially if you have just a basic website where you just
went like,
like a,
you own a store and you want your hours of operation.
Sure.
Your,
your store and your address and stuff.
You can easily make something like that real fast.
And if you wanted to get more in depth,
you can build a great website.
Yeah,
you really,
you don't have to,
you don't have to go anywhere anymore and you can do it yourself.
If you have the time,
you can definitely save some money and you get a satisfaction of building a
website yourself.
Use the code Joe and the number seven all together,
Joe Seven and you save 10% off.
We're also brought to you by [inaudible] Dot Com oh and an rit if you go there
right now with the gorilla belt is common.
We a,
we almost have released the gorilla kettle bell.
The,
the,
um,
it's,
there's a,
there's a whole thing about it.
If you go to my Twitter page,
there's like,
um,
some sort of promotion from fucking silly thing,
but the grill of Bell's Badass,
it's 72 pounds.
If you're savage enough to flip that bitch around.
Is that what you use?
Uh,
yeah,
I use that one.
What is it guerrilla though?
It's a Kettlebell.
We made them in the shape of gorillas.
That's a chimpanzee one.
And we made one of the shape of grills.
All these people that have been asking about the Alpha brain test too.
Um,
I can give you the idea of what's going to be reported on that.
What they did was,
um,
we did a pilot test.
It was a double blind placebo test done by the strictest scientific standards
and um,
we had very positive results.
We're going to release all those results and let everybody know it will be
published and then we move into a larger longterm study.
The idea behind it is like I,
I put out this stuff with Aubrey and I talked to you guys about it and I
explained my history in nootropics and so many people called bullshit,
which is normal.
This is what human beings do and it's also good.
It's healthy to call bullshit because when you call bullshit,
that makes everybody back up their claims.
So it made us go out and do these double blind placebo studies showed mark
statistical improvements in memory and in cognitive function will explain the
whole thing.
It'll all be published.
And then we're going to move into a larger,
long,
long scale one.
And we might even come up with different formulations of Alpha brain.
But the bottom line is if you're interested in nootropics,
one of the best things about this company,
the way we have it set it up,
is you have a free money back guarantee.
You don't have to send in the product,
try it for 90 days.
He say,
this shit sucks.
First 90 pills or first 30 pills rather than you try,
try it.
You have 90 days to get your money back.
It's that simple.
If you don't like it,
you say it's not worth it.
Get your money back.
If you are interested in this stuff,
the first thing you should do,
if you're interested in vitamins,
it's such a pain in the ass to read books.
Okay?
It sucks,
but you really should.
You should really,
if you're going to take something,
you going to take supplements,
you should really find out about the different variables you should really feel
you're going to hear people say that some things are bad for you and then
another doctor will tell you that it's fucking awesome for you.
I mean,
the latest thing is they're saying that a fish oil,
it gives you cancer or it can promote cancer.
It's Jesus Christ.
Oh Jesus.
There's so it's fucked.
The world's terrifying.
Everything gives you cancer.
I don't,
I don't know if they're correct because rob wolf has a retort to that.
Who's the guy who wrote the Paleo Solution?
Brilliant Guy,
and I read his thing.
His thing makes a lot of sense.
So it's,
it's hard to understand,
but when you're,
if you're interested in nootropics,
if you're interested in anything like new mood,
which is a a five HTP supplement and l Tryptofan,
which converts to five HTP,
Redo some research,
just Google it and find out the pros and cons before you throw your body into
any sort of a supplementation routine.
But what we're trying to do it on it is give you all the shit that I use,
all the things that I think are effective and we're trying to do it as like
ethically as possible.
That's why there's the money back guarantee.
Don't even have to send back your pills.
We also have a lot of shit there that's irrefutable like fitness equipment,
the kettle bells,
the bells that we've talked about,
a battle,
ropes and weight vests and all stuff for which we would call functional
strength.
Not like bodybuilder's strength,
but strength.
Or You could use,
if you ever wanted to pick up a box or something,
if you ever want to apply it to a athletics.
Uh,
so go to [inaudible] Dot Com oh and it use a codename Rogan and you'll save
yourself 10% off any and all supplements aren't you?
Dirty fucks Mark Marin's here,
Cuban music and let's keep it as it come on.
It was one of the quickest commercials.
If he was,
he was ready.
It would come on.
You were going to talk about
San Diego.
That's all you're talking about on the podcast experience.
Joe Rogan podcast.
Yeah.
Before we even get going.
Um,
this is,
today is the 15th.
So the,
what is the dates?
You have the shows in San Diego.
It's the 19th and 20th at the American Comedy Company.
Oh,
this year shows.
Yeah.
Who you with?
Uh,
were there with Mike Black.
Benji.
I followed Brody Stevens,
Yoshi,
Sarah,
Tiana,
and there's going to be secret guests that pop up that uh,
I can't talk about.
That's a big show.
There's a lot of people.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
Yeah.
And Mark Marin,
you're in Nashville this weekend.
Nashville,
Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday at Zany.
He's one of the great American comedy clubs.
Yeah,
definitely the amazing pictures of men with mullets around the wall.
Oh,
so it's like when you've been doing comedy as well,
because we have it.
Do you go to these clubs?
You're like,
ah,
what the fuck happened to that guy?
The guys,
you go to those clubs.
I think that guy had gotten a thing with a girl.
And what happened to that guy?
There's a quite of a few of us who fall off the log just to a man.
I don't know why.
You know?
Sometimes it's a sad story.
Sometimes when I run into those guys and they tell me,
they just sorta like,
I just stopped.
There's part of me that thinks like,
good for you.
How do you fucking quit this shit?
I don't know.
I've thought about it before,
but your price is not going to get you to do that.
I just don't know what they live with once they go.
I think it would be probably a couple more comfortable life if you quit,
but for a while though,
you wouldn't get the highs.
You wouldn't get the charge.
You wouldn't get the,
the danger,
you know?
I think part of that that you get to sedentary.
I think if you get to calm and it's dangerous,
and if you were the comics life and you're not a comic,
you're just a fucking loser.
You're a crazy person.
It just a guy that lives out of boxes.
You're going to coffee.
Yeah.
Going from town to town,
yelling at people,
talking in a way,
disproportionate amount.
You get to talk way more than they did.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I it like,
it's sort of heartbreaking after a certain point when I,
like I ended up on my podcast,
I ended up,
you know when you tour the south,
you always see those eight by tens of that dude.
Killer bees,
like who the hell is kill or be huge there.
But I interviewed him,
he came out and like I had no idea what his comedy,
so like I just known,
I had heard about him,
he,
that he was a regional guy and he came out and we ended up talking about Leonard
Skinner for 25 minutes.
Oh,
that's all was I,
you know,
you,
you gotta love the guys that stick,
you know,
that stay in it and just to live the life no matter what level they're out of
who they are.
Yeah.
It's the thing that we,
we all that are doing it and know it's like,
it's so taxing and incredibly difficult,
but we also know what that feels like when it all comes together.
When you feel you're in the groove,
it's,
everyone's laughing.
They were there.
They feel so good because of it.
There's like a direct benefit that you get from other people feeling good about
one mind.
That moment when you're on stage.
Like what if I'm onstage now,
but sadly,
you know some guys who I can you if,
if you
think about some dudes,
white dudes,
they don't change your act or do to be doing the same act for 20 years.
It's like that moment you're talking about for them.
No,
it happened in 1987 the end,
they're chasing that moment that's almost more,
more sad than people that quit.
No,
definitely.
Definitely that they,
they're just autopiloting it and you know,
it's just by the row for me,
like the best thing that can happen on stage is something I didn't anticipate.
And it comes out of nowhere.
And as long as it lasts,
it's amazing when,
cause then the risks are really high,
then all of a sudden you have an emotional investment and you don't know where
it's going to go and there with you and you just ride that out for as long as
possible and then you don't even want to go back to your act.
You're like,
how the fuck am I going to transition out of this to the prepared thing?
And,
uh,
I try not to,
I try not to rely too heavily on the,
on the structure just so I can get that.
Yeah.
Buzz.
I think that's the,
my favorite way to do comedy as well.
And I think all my favorite guys do it that way.
Like Joey Diaz does it that way.
Our,
he does it that way.
Dunkin does that way.
There's not like a very strong beginning in a very solid,
if the train goes left,
we're in the woods now folks.
I want to get tee shirts that say fuck the big closer.
Yeah.
What is it about people though that if you don't close strong,
like I don't feel good about it.
They don't feel good about it.
It could be almost awesome movie ever,
but if the last three minutes suck that movie so
well,
no,
that's true.
I think it's what they go away with in their head,
you know,
cause that's going to be the biggest moment.
If you end on that high note,
they're going to walk out going,
yeah,
but have you ever had that?
You probably don't,
but I,
you know,
I can flounder,
still to this day,
you know,
I can do it.
Like if I'm not doing as well as I want or I've done like an hour and it's not,
I haven't gotten satisfied and there was no way I'm going to pull them up over
the hump depending of self sabotage,
you know,
I just stay on for two hours.
Like you know like if if I'm doing not great,
I'm like well the least I can do is give them a lot.
If I'm not going to close strong,
I don't want them to walk out saying hey,
not only did he not glow strong but he got off after an hour.
No,
I'll give him two hours until I'm breaking apart.
But that rarely happens in two hours is a long fucking time and there's never
really that big.
Is there ever a reason to do two hours?
I used to do long shows when I used to do is I used to do my set and then I used
to do a Q and a with the audience.
This is all pre podcasts.
What about that I liked,
I liked taught anything else that people yell out things and I would talk about
anything and everything.
That's the best thing I ever heard.
I did that twice where I'm just,
because of the podcast,
people do have questions like whether it's about an episode or whatever.
So I started doing that.
And then you're,
you're really in it?
Yeah,
I did it after my special to,
I put microphones in the audience and I had people come up to the line and ask
questions and they really worked in Ohio because I had never done it before.
Then the second time it was like,
it all was like two podcasty.
Like people sort of like got into this groove where it's also like they know you
a lot more.
It got really weird.
Yeah.
But I'll say like a,
yeah,
because you don't know whether to you want to be funny because theoretically
just stand up show.
But if people ask the right questions and they're sort of like,
they just,
yeah,
regular answers.
I give those to man.
I mean,
I,
I will,
I will risk derailing the whole thing with the truth if a,
if you're doing a Q and a and someone has to,
you know,
someone asked that like a hard question,
right?
But you've also got things that you're knowledgeable about that people want to
talk about,
whether it's health or psychedelics or time travel,
you know,
the practical pigs.
It does become a problem.
And I'm also a cage fighting commentator so there's a little,
there's always like this question is like,
I want to Anderson Silva and like you get into those conversations so you can
answer that question short of yeah.
Sort of this big,
very little comedy and the cage fight revolve around.
Are you happy?
Tell us about the time when you're going to kill yourself.
Did you find that?
Don't get that cause they,
but I get cats,
I get happy,
I get relationship stuff.
I get the,
um,
did you ever test yourself for Toxoplasma?
Not yet.
I'm thinking about doing it.
Why you got cats?
Yeah,
I've got cats and I had a feral cat.
I have feral cat for years.
When I first was living in California,
my friend Lanie,
her and her boyfriend found like a whole box of cats underneath the house right
near their place in Santa Monica and they were babies and you know,
I'm always been a guy picks up strays,
stray dogs and straight people.
I'm big with the straight people.
I used to do that,
but I realize those,
those create a lot more problems than cats.
Even that trunk.
But I had this cat,
it was totally feral and I had to sleep with it in a room to calm it down to the
point where it could deal with me.
Could you touch it though?
Couldn't write.
I couldn't,
but then I could,
when I could,
it would start pouring till I picked it up.
I mean it would go crazy.
I mean just run up the side of the wall,
tear the curtains apart and you really didn't think you could calm it down.
And then I would sit with them and I'd give him some food and,
but once I started touching him,
he would be preparing like crazy.
I couldn't do it,
Mike.
It's hard.
Well my,
like if there was it young feral was baby,
it was a day that you got in there.
Like even the ones I have,
I think they were out there three months so they were wired for the wild and
even now I can touch him both picking him up as a little tricky and they're
also,
they're still wired for the wild.
Like you know,
domesticated cat.
Something could drop right next to it and it,
it won't do anything.
Like you know what those fat,
dumb domestic cats like something could fall down.
They don't even move these cats.
Right.
They're wired.
They're still fucking wild inside.
That's like humans,
human from the Congo.
She would have gone off next to them.
They'll die for the bushes.
They know what the fuck's going on,
why I'm not from the Congo and I can guarantee you I would have that exact same
behavior.
I would have that behavior when I shot a guy with a gun coming up the driveway,
I would die for the bushes.
So I know that I was around cats that were most likely,
if not exposed as a high likelihood they were exposed.
What is,
isn't that something that you can carry and not have any,
it might not have any effect on you,
but there's these,
some studies that say might make you nuts,
is that the deal goes bad for,
there's a guy named Robert Sapolsky and he is a,
for the,
all the people that have heard this on the podcast million times.
You're like,
oh,
he's going to talk about that again.
Um,
I think the one guy,
he said he was nuts because that the thing,
oh,
that was a different guy that was a neurosurgeon.
He was worried that he was nuts.
So Polsky doesn't have it.
But he was when he was an intern,
right.
He did a time in the Er and he said,
one of the things that doctor said was they would ask the test for Toxo.
Right.
And they had a motorcycle victim.
Apparently there's a disproportionate amount of people involved in motorcycle
crashes that test positive for Toxo knew that bikers had cats at sweet.
Might not be cats.
It could be eating meat that came from a field where the cat shit,
that's also possible.
This a very dangerous,
it's the reason why pregnant women are told to never touch cat poop.
He can't touch,
go near a litter box because of this stuff gets in.
It could really damaged.
I should tell my girlfriend now that stop playing with the catch and don't play
with cat shit catches bad,
put on some gloves if you going to knock her up.
Um,
but it,
it,
it apparently makes men more aggressive and they've also made a direct
correlation between toxoplasma infestations and successful soccer teams.
Hmm.
The more,
more people that are tested positive for plasma,
the more their soccer team does.
Well,
this is like this such random shit.
Yo,
that's like a,
you know,
like I,
I'm one side,
I'm like,
wow.
Yeah,
maybe I do have it.
I am kind of an angry fuck,
but I don't have any compulsion towards soccer.
Well,
no,
this,
this is one of the reasons why I'm asking is that someone on my board,
I'm actually brought this question up.
Yeah.
Because,
uh,
they,
you know,
they've seen different videos on it and they've seen people talk about it.
Right.
It's something that,
I mean we worry about Joey,
Joey Diaz,
Joey has,
he has 11 cats.
I think he has 11.
Yeah.
I don't know there's any way that I couldn't have it.
If it's possible.
I mean I've had a few cats but also had feral cats.
I know you had a few of them that you were feeding outside.
Right.
But I don't touch them.
But you know,
the two I have inside were originally feral.
Like the two guys that I got now,
dude,
there's a cat outside.
There's a,
I have a wildcat.
I have two wild strays that I feed back.
Can't touch him.
One of them is fucking totally death.
How tough does that cat have to be?
Well,
he's out there with fucking corrupt,
you know,
coyotes,
Shit.
My cat boomer who is,
who lived down state,
he disappeared.
So the coyote has got that dumb fuck.
But like who I loved.
But nonetheless,
I can't understand why these other two live.
How does that death black cat live in my boomer is gone.
I'm assuming from coyote.
He has to be the t like can you imagine to be able to feel the ground or
elevated senses,
but like,
cause I can walk right up to him if he's sweeping and then he'll wake up and
smell so fucking bad.
I mean stop and think about just rotten meat.
Your senses,
your other senses get elevated if one of them goes,
yeah,
one of the best pool player in the world,
uh,
is a guy named Shane van boning and he has a hearing aid and he shuts it off
when he plays quite a down.
Yeah.
Well he doesn't want to hear anything and in doing so,
I mean he's just really good anyway,
but in doing so he thinks he has an advantage.
Yeah,
I believe it.
Maybe that black
cat,
it's just a death like with an f.
Yeah.
That's very cute.
It's Brian stumbles through it too,
cause he knows it's going to suck halfway into it.
He's like,
well,
he came up with that about 40 seconds ago and he was like,
I can't help basic band.
There's a hole where I can dump my dumb black joke in.
We'll just wait for that whole speaking to dumb black jokes.
Um,
this is,
uh,
this is the week for folks that are listening to this in the future.
This is the week that the Trayvon Martin trial concluded in George Zimmerman
being found not guilty.
Right.
And this is a fascinating time in our culture and I'm just really glad that you
were coming on the podcast today because I really wanted to get your take on
[inaudible].
I'm up to speed out of the loop,
but anything about it,
I know.
Well,
I know about the law that they have in place your ground.
Yeah.
And I,
and I didn't know what happened for the most part and I know the verdict.
Hmm.
Well that's very good of you to,
um,
to be honest about that.
I think that's super important when it comes to these fucking big hot topic
issues that everybody wants to discuss.
One of the things that's been really gross.
It's like the people that are almost,
it feels like to me like they have brownie points for like running towards a
progressive opinion in a very aggressive way.
Sure.
Like Miley Cyrus tweeted it,
no justice,
no peace.
Like aren't you fucking 12 or something?
Are you really,
and you're a stoner,
you're saying no justice,
no peace should we have,
we really should have no peace because it was so other people should die because
something went wrong here.
And the judicial system,
I think what you have there is classic reactionary thinking.
Exactly.
And you know,
I've been that guy,
I know what that guy is.
I mean,
you know you for figuring it out.
Well,
you know [inaudible] after doing political talk radio for a year and a half.
And like when I went into,
when I started Air America,
I was just a reactionary guy.
You know,
I was a lefty guy but I was not educated.
So you know,
basically anything that was anti authority,
Anti Republican,
you know,
antiwar,
I'd be like fuck deck.
I mean that my comedy was like that to some degree.
But then when you get in the trenches of it and you really start to educate
yourself about what issues are,
you know,
how,
radio personalities are being used by a political parties to move talking
points.
You know,
what the talking points are.
the,
when it comes down to being a real progressive,
they're not so kneejerk,
you know,
they're fairly deliberate.
They're fairly focused on what their elements are,
what their causes are,
and how to sort of facilitate slow change.
You know,
rapid change is not,
you know,
really possible.
But with these kinds of issues,
it's very quick.
And I wrote,
I tweeted something yesterday,
I said,
there's that occasional self righteousness is more annoying than consistent self
righteousness.
Yeah,
it's true.
And it's exactly what you're talking about.
It's just,
and you know,
out of nowhere somebody just goes,
you know,
rude.
And they don't stand for that.
And the other day,
or really engaged in the public conversation.
But as soon as there's a hot
topic and there was momentum with it,
then everybody's like,
they get righteous.
Yeah.
Dunkin's friend Duncan was at a party and his friend started crying and
screaming that she wanted to kill Zimmerman.
She was saying,
I,
I swear to God I would fucking kill him.
And he said,
she's a lawyer.
She was crying and screaming like,
could you just picture that though?
It's picture silver lake.
Okay.
Hipsters.
It's like everyone's like trying to be in the top of the moral food chain here.
Everyone's trying to,
you know,
be,
be Vegan the longest,
you know,
and then this,
the verdict comes down and she's screaming that she would kill Zimmerman if she
could,
which is amazing.
Well,
for me,
you know,
in my experience,
uh,
in the last day or two without doing a hyper amount of research is that,
you know,
those types of gun laws are tricky because when things like this happen,
it really comes down to,
uh,
he said,
and the dead guy said,
so,
you know,
the dead guy can't talk.
And on top of that,
you mean even if the gun laws weren't tricky?
I mean,
even if what he did was,
you know,
completely illegal.
The bottom line is how did it happen?
Like what's going on?
You have people patrolling that can't defend themselves and they carried guns.
And what was he,
was he justified in bothering that kid or was he bothering that kid?
Just because that kid was black to be talked to the young man to be say,
hey buddy,
what's going on brother?
Where you at?
Where are you going?
Oh,
my dad lives over here.
All right,
cool man.
Have a good one.
Yeah,
you know,
it could,
it could it have been handled that way.
Well that's what,
that's what the point is,
is that once a guy's dead and you have a law that says you can defend yourself
with a gun,
it's on you,
then you know who the hell knows what happened there.
You just got a guy who says,
well,
this is what happened.
Look,
I,
you know,
I black guys have whatever and you know,
and I killed him.
Well,
let's,
let me play devil's advocate here and I don't,
I don't really have a,
I don't think that this is a clear black and white issue.
Pardon the palm of my hand.
Um,
I think it's very interesting that Zimmerman has the last name,
Zimmerman.
Cause if it was Ortiz things would get really weird.
But even though he's Latino and he has his Jewish last name,
so it's become a white thing.
It's,
it's really kind of interesting how the segmentations of the race in this.
When I go on Twitter and I look at all the different peoples,
black people overwhelmingly in support of Trayvon Martin overwhelmingly and a
lot of white people not,
you know,
and then no,
I don't hear anything from Latino folks like it.
There's not a black versus Latino thing.
So in the,
the base argument of weirdness when it comes to racism in the,
in this,
in this scenario,
because I think it is,
there's a lot of racism involved.
Whenever there's any hot button topic,
it's black or white or is it just automatically going to get a certain amount of
it?
But I saw very little from Latino folks and I thought that was interesting.
Well,
they might not know that he's a Latino.
Yeah.
While it may not be registering,
I mean,
some guy,
he called me out this morning on Twitter saying,
you know,
Zimmerman's Hispanic asshole,
because I had said on my podcast today,
you know,
that there is a different set of rules that people of color that Brown people
have to exist by.
Right.
Uh,
in terms of what they have to be afraid of and how they accommodate,
you know,
those fears.
Uh,
so whether he was Latino or not,
my issue with it is that if you have somebody who's given a gun,
all right,
and they have a job to do that might involve a gun.
Uh,
they,
he can't just be a vigilante kind of thing.
You know,
like a,
it seems that there was a protocol that wasn't paid attention to that.
If you're patrolling a gated community and you see trouble,
you should call the fucking police.
I think he did.
I mean,
and again,
I'm not exactly sure of the x.
You get his version of it.
You can,
that's all you get.
But he did call the police and they told him to go back to his car apparently.
And he says the kid jumped him.
That's what allegedly happened.
So the kid had a die.
It's just,
I know what you're saying.
Look,
I am not in favor.
Aye.
At first of all,
I don't think anybody who can't defend themselves should ever be allowed to be
in a position where you're enforcing laws.
I think it gets very dangerous if you can't physically defend yourself.
Yeah,
cause I think,
I mean,
and this is obviously coming from someone who has a history in martial arts,
but I,
I don't,
I think it should be mandatory.
It's like you can't defend yourself if you don't.
If you don't know how to physically engage someone and you panic and this guy on
top of you beating your ass,
you shouldn't have been there in the first place.
Not only that,
if you're that guy,
what are the odds that you handled the situation?
Interaction with this young man with confidence.
If you're a confident person,
you go,
hey man,
everything cool you,
you know,
you mean your boat.
Do you have a,
if you have a gun that Trump's confidence for Maura?
It doesn't though.
It doesn't though,
because they didn't earn it right when?
No,
I'm not saying,
I'm not saying that as a,
as a k as like a prerequisite.
I'm saying that an idiot with no confidence with a gun feels calm.
He does.
But let me tell you something.
If someone gets a hold of you and you have a gun,
you know how long it takes to shoot a gun.
You have to make sure that it's cocked.
You have to make sure that the safety's not on.
If there's a scramble,
right.
Fuck did.
If someone gets a hold of you,
you're done.
You're not gonna be able to if you're far enough away.
Right?
Yeah.
But in his situation,
he shot the guy with the guy was on top of him.
Yeah.
I mean,
the guy was grounding and pounding him.
It was beating his ass and he's on top of him.
Like,
how did it get to that?
Why the kid attack you?
What,
what the fuck did you do?
Like how did,
how badly was this handle?
Or is the kid crazy,
wildly aggressive.
But also that's one of the questions is at what point does,
does profiling,
you know,
bring out anger sure.
In somebody's lives that life that is the different set of rules that black
people have to live by in this country is that that guy said,
you know,
me made it just been walking across the God damn way.
And you know,
at everybody's got a breaking point and if you're just being called out because
you know,
some guy with a gun,
some fucking rent,
a cop,
you know,
decides he's going to pull rank on you and because you're black and he's just
going to call you out because of that.
Who the hell knows when anyone's personal breaking point is?
It's like,
you fuck,
I'm just walking home,
asshole.
Fuck you.
Exactly.
Abs of Fuckin lutely.
Abso-Fucking-Lutely and um,
that's why I think law enforcement in this country is one of the least
appreciated things.
And it should be handled as an like it should be a high honor.
Like someone who's a cop should not just be like someone who enforces the law
and tells you what the fuck to do.
It should be a like a valuable part of your community safety and about
fellowship and about friendship.
It shouldn't always be like that.
I wish,
I hope.
I mean maybe they can be,
well I think that when there were beat cops and when neighborhoods were tighter
and when,
you know,
things seem more controllable.
I mean the weird thing that happens I think when you really think about what a
cop does and it,
I dunno when I had this realization,
but it's not an uncommon when it's out there is that at some point,
especially if you're in a city and you're a cop,
you realize like this is never going to end.
What I'm fighting is never going to end.
And you know,
it's sort of like taxing that that must put on your emotions to know that every
fucking day some fucking idiot is going to sue something stupid and I'm going to
be,
you know,
I'm going to have to defend my life,
defend my community,
you know,
do what's right by the law and it's never going to get better.
Never.
That's an exhausting,
fucked up job.
So I agree with you.
Well I grew up with a cop.
You know,
my dad,
he grew up,
I mean I say until I was about six is the last time I spoke with him,
but he was fucking insane.
And I don't think that there's any small part of the job that he had been a
police officer in Newark,
New Jersey or Harrison and Newark crazies cry.
You know what I mean?
I remember very little of it cause I was young,
but it's like living with savages.
There's monkeys with clothes.
I mean we were,
we were all Italians and there's all these Irish people and there's Puerto
Ricans and black folks and it was crime.
And,
and people back then were like,
monkeys were a monkeys with clothes.
I mean we were,
we humans have the 1960s and seventies bear no resemblance to the fucking people
you see today.
Is that true?
Oh fuck yeah.
Well those are the ones that were,
you know,
our age or younger and the six things have now they're just exhausted old men
that don't have the energy to be as actively monkey like as they used to.
I think also though that accelerate,
I think like the,
the kind of violence that you see today is probably accelerated.
It's like you saw it in a different way then I think probably because this is
all pre crack,
pre meth.
It was also also pre sort of uh,
you know,
any sort of evolution from,
from,
you know,
institutionalized racism and the time is that there was,
there was a very specific,
you know,
color lines drawn.
You're not that far away from any sort of progress legally with,
uh,
with,
with race in this country.
So the tensions were still very real unless you went off to a university and
escape the boundaries of the confined got the fuck out.
Yeah,
you have to get out.
I mean all those east coast towns,
which is crazy.
And they were,
they were so,
you know,
everybody had their clan,
and if it was the Irish claim,
it was crazy.
You just watch those fucking movies and it's fucking nuts.
I remember kids wanting to fight me cause I was Irish because I had an Irish
last name,
but I was Italian and I was like why you got an Irish last name?
I'm like,
cause I'm part Irish.
You fucking mic cock sucker.
I'd be like,
oh Jesus,
are we really fighting over nothing over nothing.
I got the tribal shit like to believe that
people have evolved more.
I don't know.
I think they're,
I think they're more distracted.
I think they're more connected to other things.
I think that the tribes have broken up,
but it seems that there's still a lot of angry monkeys out there of one kind or
another.
That's inevitable.
And there's a button and I think a lot of it we can just attribute to shitty
parenting,
shitty parenting and shitty communication in shitty environments where these
kids grow up and they just don't,
they don't get good feedback.
And if they're not a positive environment,
It's fucking hard to be a route.
And also shitty friend human.
Make sure all the above,
all the above,
guaranteed and guaranteed.
But I think more of them can escape today because of the Internet.
Right.
And because of podcasts and because these and pick books,
find a a racial chat room that you can,
as long as you're not on the streets.
If you're just putting out hate on to Twitter and you're,
you know,
you're living with Xbox live,
we can always just be an egg on Twitter and just have some fucking crazy name.
Just find celebrities.
You call those idiots who have several names where you know,
they don't think,
you know,
like you block them once and then they're back and it's the same tone.
See a troll tone is so fucking hackneyed at this point.
And I know it is.
And it isn't an interesting that you could read someone's text and know that
it's the same person.
They're all the same person.
It's one big same person that just wants to get a rise out of people for no
fucking it.
And it always works with me.
I have to fight it every God,
even when I go,
look,
that guy's got six borrowers and no picture it.
It takes everything in my mind not to cause I liked the fucking hate buzz.
I like an anger buzz Joe.
It's a fun buzz.
I'm a victim of it myself,
but it's a dangerous buzz.
It's not a good one because it bites you back.
I had this weird realization that like,
you know that that like,
I'm trying to track it because you know,
I've had anger problems,
you've had anger problems,
but there there is,
when you feel the rage,
there's a warmth in your chest that you know,
that surrounds your heart
and some part of you thinks like,
I need to follow this through and to stop that,
you know,
to stifle that and let it go like that.
That immediate feeling where you feel that rage and then you want to stop it.
It was the first feeling I have when I want to stop it.
It's like,
well,
I feel I should just cry.
Then I'm going to go,
I'm just going to start crying.
Shit.
While you're doing it,
be feel way better afterwards when you don't cry.
Yeah.
If you just stuff it.
But sometimes I collect those,
you know?
Sometimes it's like there's a battery being charged.
Well,
we talked about it on Twitter the other day.
You know that you can catch it.
You actually sent me a message saying like being an asshole and saying that we
have to drive you.
You and I had to shit.
That's just what people do.
They love it.
The little orchestrators of doom patrol.
No,
I don't like it either,
but,
but I,
I,
it's in my mind,
it's my cousin walk me and Rogan and finally,
okay,
don't fucking,
oh,
I need,
I don't need a some sort of a hug assignment lights.
It's one of those things where it's like,
that's what they gravitate towards.
Unhappy People gravitate towards that and I think is it unhappy?
Yeah.
I think it's a small percentage of people,
but if you only get a couple of day,
I mean think it'd be,
well,
yeah,
like hundreds of thousands of Twitter followers and 10 or 20 of them are cunt
bags.
That's really awesome numbers.
If you really stop and think about it,
I'm,
I'm all about to,
you know,
uh,
the,
the sort of breakdown of the numbers,
you know,
because your controversial,
you're an outspoken guy.
Course you are,
of course.
I don't know from that controversial,
I suppose inside the garage,
the grand spectrum of human beings.
I mean,
what is the number,
where do you fit in?
Is it between one and a thousand?
You're,
you're certainly in the 500 range.
I tried to be as honest as possible with what I'm doing and he,
you know,
I don't know if that's the controversy.
I think that's probably it,
but I'm not out there on the cutting edge of,
of issues anymore.
I'm not doing politics anymore.
But I think that when you put your heart out there,
however you're going to put it out there,
if you're honest with it,
I guess it's negative.
I mean,
you know,
I,
I'm curious about that,
but when you make yourself vulnerable publicly,
there's always going to be fuck heads who were like day.
I see a soft spot and it hit it,
hit it and like,
you know,
I'm familiar with that behavior.
I've been guilty of that behavior.
You know,
it's straight up sort of bullying and sort of looking for a reaction.
I just think that some people enjoy any reaction.
Like,
you know,
even if it's anger or if it's positive or what,
as long as they get it,
that feeds something in them,
they will.
They also get validation.
You're interacting and you see that that guy wanted to kill me.
He likes me,
he cares.
He,
I made an impact.
Well,
there's also something that happens when you're the guy who gets to talk and
you're obviously the guy who gets to talk or give a podcast.
So people are listening and they disagree and they want to go,
you know what,
Merrick,
mark them tardy fucking bullshit.
Fucking egos get in the way of this show.
And they'll go,
fine.
That's another,
they love to say that because they're the ones with ego problems for the most
funny cause I never get that one.
Yeah.
I don't get ego.
I get,
you know,
quick complainant ego and my own message board.
If you'd talk about your ego,
the ego thing never come at me like you.
Like usually I get the,
I get this sort of like complaining guy.
Like you know,
like the main criticism of me generally is that,
you know,
you talked too much,
your problems aren't that interesting.
You're whiny.
That's ego.
Sure.
Of course.
Your concentrate on yourself.
Right,
right.
But I think our egos manifest themselves differently.
I'm not saying I don't have a big ego,
but I'm,
I'm going to complain.
And you're gonna,
you're gonna rain.
The raining and the complainant egos tried to do very little raining.
I try to do very little engaging.
I do a lot of blocking.
A very real,
yeah.
I don't really argue with people on Twitter.
I've done it before.
It's like you steak,
he can't last,
you can't win.
You also,
it feeds it and I don't want to be involved in it.
So if I,
if I'm feeding it,
then it's like I'm feeding,
I'm putting attention to something that's not important to me.
And I think the analogy that I was used as,
it's like snake venom haters or they're healthy for you and I think you'd get a
little of snake venom and you can get fucked up.
I mean it's really dangerous.
Sure.
If you put a tiny bit,
every now and again you get immune to it.
Oh really?
So I just have to like just taking a little hate day to exercise your emotional
exercise.
It's like you,
you're not,
I mean,
the more positive you get,
that means you're putting more positive out,
but you're always going to get some negative.
And it's how you interact with that negative.
If you just let it dissolve and go away,
of course it's going to be people that are assholes.
The fact that they focus on you for some random reason.
What are the odds you're going to do something that's really completely asshole
ish that demands someone reach out and call you a piece of shit in a fucking
Lou.
If very small.
I,
I've become more considerate,
but I am prone to ask your life.
You're considerate as a feedback
because I feel better about myself and what's happened.
You know,
like you know,
eventually when you're an insecure guy for years and you know,
all you're looking for is a way to sort of make,
you know,
make your own thing or to get,
become relevant or,
or be appreciated for what you do.
That I don't think,
I think B,
even when I talked to you on the podcast,
I don't think I'd reached a point to where like,
you know,
I felt validated and I felt like,
I did something,
we have self esteem fans now and they're not looking at me for positivity.
They're looking to me.
I think that what they see is that a guy who struggled and stuck with something
and somehow persevered.
So I think they indulge me a bit of negativity in a bit of a,
you know,
sort of aggravation.
Like I tend to,
uh,
I think a lot of my fans are very sensitive.
They're a little,
a little disenfranchised a bit.
uh,
kind of worked up about things and there are little in their head.
So I think they see in me a guy that like,
well,
you know,
Marin kind of stuck it out.
So there's that narrative.
I don't think they're looking at me to give them advice necessarily or to say,
you know,
you can do it or anything else.
I just think they look to me to realize that like,
well maybe I'm not alone and you know,
everyday being somewhat of a struggle or a fight
to self sabotage thoughts.
You don't agree with us really.
Well I think that uh,
the self sabotaging,
like I really tried to,
like I try to isolate that and just figure out how I did it.
I think that if I self sabotage,
like I was never one of those guys that didn't show up for work or,
or,
you know,
showed up,
fucked up or fucked things up on purpose.
You know,
I don't think I ever did that,
but I,
I think that if there's anything self sabotaging about me,
it was that I was inconsiderate and that,
you know,
I was,
hyper competitive and insecure.
So I don't think that I,
I was one of those guys that,
uh,
you know,
had a big,
an important thing.
I'd go,
I'd do everything I can do to do well.
You know,
I didn't do that.
But I think because of a certain amount of defensiveness that I made a bad
impression.
I think when you said earlier,
it's really important that there's that narrative too.
And I think that which one,
the one will,
you just said about your life,
about getting through your struggles,
right?
Right.
People hear that and they go,
okay,
this isn't a guy who was a captain of the football team and got straight A's in
high school and everybody loved them.
And was still smiling.
Oh look,
he's never been angry.
I've never seen Jerry Seinfeld.
Yeah,
no,
it's,
you know,
you're completely different animal.
And I think that in that narrative,
I think that it's,
there's a important message that there's a,
is a giant spectrum of us and we all come from weird starts and we don't all
start on the same,
oops.
The same block shit.
I just tripped on my fucking lap.
Did you go in the keyboard?
You think?
Uh,
yeah it did.
But I think I got to a quick enough.
I think so.
My other one died.
I did that one.
Well,
yeah.
I don't think anything got in there.
Let's just hold it this way just to be stroked.
Let's get a tower though.
Don't they have like the Shit you could dip your whole laptop and like,
it's almost like,
uh,
I fucking killed,
I killed the computer like that.
It's just,
it is the worst feeling to see that cup go over.
But that didn't go directly on it.
You know what?
Samsung has a new phone now to fucking completely,
um,
I saw that.
Yeah.
They can go like 10 meters under water with it.
It's on my guts.
The fuck ain't got so fucked up.
It's like how,
like something like that.
You literally,
when something like that happens,
you're like,
I don't know anything about anybody.
I don't know people's phone numbers.
I don't know.
He might screenplays on there.
Not In the cloud or you're not backing up backing up now,
but it takes,
it just takes one of these events to realize like holy shit,
about half of my brain just got short circuited cause of a coffee issue.
Yeah.
It's outside of my fucking head.
I need to have rules.
Like if I was in the military,
I don't have rules about where the coffee is allowed to be.
Well,
yeah,
I'm,
I'm pretty good with that.
That seemed far enough away though.
So,
and it's all on me.
I'm just going to leave you drink Starbucks like me and enjoy this nice mood.
You would have a lid.
Oh God.
Damn.
Um,
so yeah,
we all come from different places and I think that's that your story.
Like,
you know,
having a story like that where you calm down,
I think that's good for people to calm down and learn how to watch your fucking
mouth.
Where and how to sort of treat people better.
For me it was really about selfishness and just,
you know,
look,
I've been a defensive asshole,
but I'm not the kind of guy.
Like,
you know,
I'm not like evil.
Well,
no,
but no one was ever afraid of me,
you know,
when I was an asshole.
Like,
it's amazing like guys who,
you know,
who come from more,
the tough guy,
ilk,
they're,
they're usually surprised like,
you know,
how did Marin not get his ass kicked yet?
How come no one has kicked Marin's ass is want to kick your ass.
Yeah.
I think Brian Cowen wanted to kick your ass at one point in time.
That was the thing,
right?
Like right.
I remember you talked about that.
There were a couple of guys that have beats with me and I talked to Joey Diaz
about,
like his thing with me.
And that was,
that was just again,
inconsiderate.
Yeah.
It was not.
Um,
but with cal and too,
I think that at that time when he started out,
like there were these guys that came into the scene and to the alternative scene
that were real sort of like,
you know,
sketchy kind of character driven and I was condescending.
I was,
I was sort of like,
eh,
it's not stand up,
you know.
So I think that whatever,
sure.
I think he didn't want to kick my ass.
Yeah.
He's not a fun thing where we like to,
again,
we get an a camp and then I'm in the alternative camp.
I'm in the prop camp I'm in and we just to everybody else who doesn't do that
well at that time it wasn't alternative.
It was just that,
you know,
like they were in and now everything's fucking change.
Dude.
I mean when I started and you started,
you know,
shortly after me,
cause I remember seeing you at stitches like early on.
I was in [inaudible] 88.
When did you start?
Um,
just start coffee out of the USB port.
Did you,
did you,
did you get some I,
that's what I do with my cell phone.
Like if I drop it in water,
I suck out all the water out of everything.
What would be amazing right now is if you started to now have the memory
capacity of that computer and you could sell a whole new fucking thing,
that'd be pretty bad chemical.
I was talking about it.
It's called never wet.
It's actually this chemical that you're going to be able to put on anything and
it just makes anything waterproof.
There's a process where they dip your iPhone and you can dip an iPod and a bunch
of other electronics stuff is,
no,
that stuff's been around for years.
He used to put it on windshields like I remember like my windshield wipers broke
when I was in high school and you could put this stuff in the,
the liquid would beat up and just roll off.
Yeah.
I had that shit.
I used to have to put it on my muscle car because it didn't have a wipers.
Right,
and it just roll off.
It was kind of cool to watch.
It's amazing.
It's actually like,
and then the wipers,
somebody just put it on their shoe in the mud.
Look at that mud.
Just get off of that.
That's incredible.
This,
this is the new stuff that just came out and this is like,
it's incredible what you're going to be able to dip anything into wow.
Laptop,
but it's still not going to stop things from going into holes.
Yeah,
no,
and I'm saying you dip the whole entire laptop,
everything.
We'll have that on there.
So when water goes inside of it,
it will coats everything.
All the electronics side,
all the it going to happen.
It's already just came out.
All right.
So we're just doing it for phones to keep an eye on this technology for when it
happens.
Yep.
It's called never wet.
All one word.
You would have to send your phone to them the way it used to be.
I was a different company.
But you send their phone for him and they dip it and they send it back to you in
a day and that's done.
Yeah,
it's done.
So camp,
so let's talk about these camps.
The camps of people.
I mean,
when we started out,
it was primarily,
the line was drawn at botax prop packs,
but you don't remember about,
I remember botax very what now we know guys,
you know who started with us.
They make a good living on boats and I'm not going to deny them anything.
They're good comics.
They keep it clean.
It's just another gig.
See you evolve like that.
You know I got no real fucking beef with,
I never,
after a certain point I got no beef with anybody.
I really don't.
It's like,
would you be mad at a guy who was a waiter on a boat?
No.
So why would you be mad at a guy who's a comic con?
Well,
I think there was a time where we,
you know,
there was this thing which like real comics and not,
and guys who were just entertainers.
I think there was this idea that there were truth tellers and then there were
these guys that just wore clown noses in my situation that my prejudice against
people was completely based on insecurity.
I was worried about being accepted myself.
So it's like,
you're like fuck people who aren't like me or fuck you.
It's like,
I'm
just like,
it was almost like lashing out first,
you know.
So what I did,
that was my whole life.
That was if there was any self sabotaging,
it was literally greeting people with like,
is there a problem?
Do we have a,
is there an issue?
Yeah.
How you doing?
You gave me some,
I,
I've talked about this on your podcast and I always tell people that the,
one of the reasons why you and I uh,
even though we weren't like a friendly for a long time,
you were a very important part in me as an open miker because there was one time
when I was like,
I was only been doing it for like a few months and I didn't know what the fuck I
was doing.
I was baffled.
Yeah.
And you were established pro and you get,
yeah,
it was in my mind you were a pro.
Yeah.
And you gave me advice.
It was a good,
that was great.
You complimented me and he gave me advice.
Yeah.
See that's the,
see this is the other part of my,
my fucking,
here's,
if you want to know how I sabotage myself,
this is how I sabotage myself is like,
you know,
I'm a guy,
I'm a loner.
I've never been a pack animal.
You know,
I've never like,
you know,
I like to be accepted by packs but then I like to be able to leave.
Do you,
you know what I mean?
It's,
I got a bunch of cats.
Yeah,
sure.
Exactly.
I got to and a couple of Devin,
a deaf one and another one that doesn't talk to me.
But like in terms of insecurity,
like I've actually doing this weird bit on stage where it's not even weird,
but it's a just a moment that were where someone brings up a dude.
Like,
you know,
like you could be say yeah about that kind of go,
I know that guy's a fucking Dick,
I fucking hate that guy.
And then the other guy could say like,
that's weird cause he wanted to meet you.
I'm like,
really?
Well,
okay.
Yeah I'd like to meet that.
Do you know what I mean?
Like,
I didn't think that guy likes me.
And then everything changes.
So that's fundamental insecurity because I think that back then,
like what I knew of you is that,
you know,
you were pretty tough guy.
You're a kick boxer.
He came in and I'm sure I had the same sort of attitude that I have,
you know,
in my heart around people that are physically threatening or athletic or
whatever,
you know,
like I like to say about people like me and you.
I say,
yeah,
you know,
we've been fighting for centuries are type yet.
But,
but I think that really what it comes down to is that when you talked to a guy,
you know,
we've got the same heart as you and the same goals as you.
Like you can make people what they,
you think they are until you meet them and then you realize that's not who that
guy is.
Yeah.
And I always,
uh,
in your defense and in anybody's defense,
I,
if I didn't know me,
I would assume I was a douchebag.
If I,
you know,
especially if I couldn't defend myself or if I was worried about those type of
people that would be involved in that kind of shit.
Cause there's,
you know,
the stereotype of anybody who would be a fighter.
It's like some hyper aggressive asshole.
But I tried to be like as friendly as possible all the time.
So in my mind it was almost like a,
like,
I mean I'm not trying to get sympathy but like experienced a weird kind of
prejudice where people like automatically put you in this meathead category
automatically treat you as if you're causing a problem.
That's interesting because that's exactly what black people go through in this
guy.
But I don't think I would have it that bad.
But coming back to the Trayvon thing and talking about going by,
yeah,
that self consciousness.
Oh No,
no,
no.
But I just thought it was interesting to tie in that,
you know,
you have to,
you know that people are going to judge you a certain way and that you have to
behave in relation to the social realities of that stereotype
sort of.
But with mine it was far more about people.
I did.
You know what I'm saying?
I know you're right,
you're right.
But what I'm saying is I'm like,
mine was so mild cause you look like a normal person.
Like did you find out about me and martial arts and all that stuff and then you
go,
okay,
this guy's got it
fucking Weirdo.
But the real question is insecurity or not.
Like I think we can both admit that we had shifts on our shoulders for women.
Oh for sure.
Not only that,
I'm both admit insecurity.
I think insecurity is like without insecurity there's no growth.
Okay.
And you're not going to be born out of the hatch with all the fucking answers.
You need to have some instability.
You need to balance.
You know,
you need to like lean to the left.
If you're falling to the right,
you need to figure that shit out.
And if you don't have that,
you just grow up super confident.
You could hit by trains.
You know,
you fucking somebody who's kind of bumbled through life.
It's the thing that drives us nuts is that we never feel secure.
But that's like literally what makes us rise to great heights is what makes all
great art come from the struggle.
I think that I could have used a bit of better parenting.
I mean was there ever a time where,
you know,
maybe before,
I don't know what drove you to,
to,
to engage in the activities,
you can engage them,
but was there ever a time where you felt like you had self esteem issues?
Oh,
for sure.
Oh my whole life.
Absolutely 100% and when I was a child it was more so it was extreme because I
didn't know my father and my stepfather is a very good guy and we got along
great.
What?
There wasn't no issue there and there's all I,
I'm really happy that there was that stability that,
and my mom is a very nice person.
Yeah.
We moved all over the place.
They didn't have any friends when I was always moving to a new town.
So it was a nightmare.
May mean a minor nightmare though in comparison to like what we're talking
about,
the issues are escalated when it's a minority escalated even more when you're
dealing with extreme poverty.
Yeah.
Well what I,
what I always regret and if anyone talks to me about it and I think this is
relative to the conversation is that,
you know,
I don't have kids and I know how I was brought up but it was a real hands off
real kind of my parents were very self involved but like if anyone asks me about
kids or whatever is,
I always tell them I said the one,
the only thing that I really regret is not being given the opportunity to have a
healthy sense of competition.
Like,
like knowing you know even sports or any way that you realize that like winning
and losing is not life threatening.
It's not,
it's not self threatening that because I didn't engage in that or I wasn't a
team player or I didn't get involved in like,
you know,
that spirit of things or even like you do with healthy competition where you're
like,
well good game if that's not part of your life.
Every competitive thing that you engage in become sort of like threatening.
Yes.
That there's no way to sort of regulate,
you know,
that this is not a personal attack.
And I,
you know,
I didn't have any of that experience.
And I think that if you deal with team sports,
you deal with even single like one person sports that you get that sentence sort
of like,
all right,
good game men.
Maybe tomorrow we'll,
you know,
I'll do better or whatever.
Whereas if you're a competitive person and you have no discipline around it,
you're fucking defensive and you're going to take personal shots.
And that's how my insecurity revealed itself.
And that's why people,
you don't want to kick my ass if not,
if it,
Collin wanted to kick my ass,
it was because I was preemptively defensive and hostile and judgmental.
And I dumped it on him and he was just a guy trying to be funny,
and he knew that he could kick my ass.
And he chose not to do that.
So I will thank him for that.
I'm not,
it's not hard to kick my ass,
but,
but out of that lack of confidence that you get,
or that lack of sense of like not everything's threatening,
not every,
it's even like a roast.
Like I'm not even good at roasts because I take things personally and if I'm
going to insult somebody,
I mean it,
there's no,
you know what?
I'm cutting to the bone.
I'm not looking for the laugh.
I've gotten better at that.
I can,
I can take the hit a little better and I enjoy it.
But,
uh,
but it's really hard if you're a competitive person,
Andrew insecure,
and you have no sense of healthy competition,
no one's gonna wanna hang around with you and everyone's going to think you're a
Douche bag.
And what you said is a really important,
it's sort of threatens your self definition when you lose some,
takes something away,
right?
It your pride,
you're like,
you know your manlihood,
you're,
you know,
like how other people are going to see you.
It's fucking like,
there was one time,
this is rock and roll oriented,
but uh,
it's kind of a funny story in,
in this that like there's a real difference between judging yourself against
other people and,
and just judging yourself against your own work.
It's a,
it's a hard shift to make cause like a lot of my career was built on like how
that fucking guy get that.
Why is that Guy Popular?
Why can't you get me to get,
why can't I be on that show?
What the fuck?
As opposed to not realizing at that time.
Like I got all that stuff.
Oh,
a lot of my breaks early on,
we're out of spite and looking back on it,
I wasn't ready for it and I,
and I botched it just because like I had no,
you know,
I was all about the competition.
But there was this one time where I was at a music camp and,
uh,
it was just basically my parents sent me to this camp and they let you smoke.
It was great.
I was like 14 and we could smoke cigarettes and play guitar all day.
Wow.
Yeah.
And then the final night,
like,
you know,
there was a big performance where the people in the camp put together beds and
stuff and uh,
and you perform for the whole camp in this big band shell.
So of course I ended up with these fucking stoners and shit heads,
you know,
and we're just like the guy I had playing bass,
he was okay.
Long haired dude,
they're all troubled guys.
And a while we wanted to do is play some chuck berry songs.
You know,
I figured how hard could Johnny be good be,
you know,
how hard we should be able to pull that off.
Right.
And we're all,
you know,
14,
15 years old.
And then there's this other crew of kids that were complete fucking music nerds
that like new fucking how to read music.
And that could play better than any of us in.
So here's what happens.
So we go on and all the dudes I'm with get fucked up before we go on stage,
which is doing Johnny be good man.
It's,
it should be easy.
It's three chords.
My drummer's too fucked up to play drums.
The guy on piano is not playing in the right key and it was a disaster.
I started singing out of key.
It was the most shameful and embarrassing fucking thing I ever,
I might as well just shit my pants on stage and then we get off and those other
guys get up there.
And in my memory they played the entire side of a genesis album.
That's my memory of it,
that they got up there and they did some amazing thing and I felt fucking
invisible.
I felt ashamed and to,
you know,
literally till maybe two years ago,
I couldn't fucking,
I was afraid to sing in front of people for half of my life because of that.
And if I just,
you know,
put more thought into,
making the song better and working with these dudes and just like learning how
to do that shit,
I wouldn't have fucking,
it's a weird story and I don't know if it really applies,
but I do know the feeling afterwards of embarrassment and shame and I felt that
those guys had won and I fucking hated him for it.
This in the Bible man,
that story as sharpens iron people sharpen people.
Yeah.
So what it is,
man,
you need to feel that.
You need to feel lost in order to realize what you did wrong,
but you can't live in it.
Yeah,
you can't live in it but you,
it motivates you to move forward and it motivates you.
But that terrible feeling shouldn't be ignored.
It should be figured out.
It's like you got to figure out what,
what is,
what is causing this?
But you can lock into that feeling for many years.
Look at my,
look at my computer's doing now.
Look at us.
Oh no dude,
I'm sorry man.
It's just flashing on and off like a strobe light flashing blue and white.
How obsessed you are with that right now?
Not really.
I'm just it,
I've got another one.
You do?
Yeah.
It's got everything in it.
It's all backed up.
That's the beautiful thing about like,
uh,
like backing up your laptop.
It's backed up.
It's backed up and you have to worry about shit.
So what,
tell me about this.
Um,
all right,
so the vitamin thing.
My old man,
yeah,
you're old man was like a series of vitamin guy.
Well,
like he was a guy that was like Mister Western medicine,
you know,
his whole life,
real practical.
You know what I mean?
That he was a surgeon,
he did all his business,
you know,
he resented chiropractors.
He didn't fucking engage with any of the bullshit.
And then like his wife kind of took a turn and he stopped practicing,
you know,
his medicine and now he's completely consumed with supplements,
chiropractors,
anything.
But you know what he used to do?
That's interesting.
Turn of medicine completely to the point where it was annoying and he had me on
like 15 things a day.
He had me on Co Q 10 phosphatidylcholine.
He had me on fish oil.
He had me on this thing called memory revitalizer,
which some guy that he knew made,
he had me on.
His big thing is vitamin D.
He's like,
you gotta load vitamin D,
like he would get me these 50,000 I see whether I use or whatever,
vitamin D,
and then he tells me once,
he said that's the key to everything and I was on all this shit and I felt
nothing.
No different when you're exercising.
Sure.
A little bit.
I haven't been lately.
I think that's a big part of it.
Like you,
whether you feel yourself,
like if you're doing something strenuous,
whether
it's yoga or in a sort of sport.
Yeah,
and you kind of know what your body does under stress,
then I,
in my opinion,
it's easier to gauge whether or not supplementation is helping him because you
know what your natural performance levels are at and you're walking around all
day just doing normal shit.
Talking to people.
So I mean is it a good day?
Is it a bad day?
Did I wake up tired?
Is actually what's going on with my head.
Is Vitamin working?
I'm not sure.
Yeah,
I was doing yoga and I was doing,
you know I was running like a,
I've sort of faltered it that Ferris gave me a fucking kettle bell like at 35
pounder and it just sits there and to me it's just something that I'm going to
hurt myself with it.
I just,
I just see it on the foregoing and it's sitting there going,
when are we doing this?
I'm like,
when I know I'm not going to hurt myself because you can hurt yourself with
those can't yet.
Yeah,
you definitely should get someone to like,
you could at least have someone go through like the first exercises ever with
you.
Once you get it you can do it yourself because it's just some simple principles.
Sure.
Follow with like basic exercises like a kettle bell swing,
great exercise and it's really simple and all someone has to do is show it to
you like a couple of times like like this,
make sure your back is straight.
This is how you pop the hips out.
You'll figure it out and it's great exercise.
But on Youtube and there's a lot of youtube they didn't know you sent me one of
him doing it and I'm like having someone in front of you though is better
because someone should say,
okay,
see what's going on with your back.
You got to strike like a lot of times it's hard to be self aware and look at the
video and say mine exact same position.
Like if you have someone showed you,
it's usually better.
I had a trainer for a long time.
It did.
It feel like a lot of the core work,
you know with the balls.
I do like a push ups on the balls,
Jack Knife on the balls and all that core stuff.
It was great but then I moved and I now I can't find that fucking guy.
I need you to
give me a name because get a girl.
Yeah,
yeah,
that's fine.
In your life.
Don't listen to him.
I had a girl for a while,
but it didn't,
it didn't like,
she was annoying me.
Tried to impress
all more so I wouldn't actually work out harder.
You know,
like I don't want to be a pussy.
Why don't you put that to the test man?
I could use it.
I think I could use a trainer.
I think it would be a good idea.
It's not a bad idea.
Especially if you've got someone who knows what they're doing.
I don't know how to find that person.
If I go to a gym and just go to a gym,
I see now there's the first step.
I'll lock it.
A White Guy,
not a guy that wants to kick my ass.
Kicked your ass,
relax,
relax.
Days told me to relax.
It was a,
that was a for real though.
Would you like when I was a kid,
you know,
doing uh,
doing standup for the first time,
like having a guy like you give me advice like that.
Sears is one of the most important parts of like my early open mic day.
Yeah.
That's what I tried to do that as often as possible when I can.
You think you're a lot,
you're a lot harder on yourself.
Like as far as like the way you behaved,
you didn't,
you didn't really behave that much weed.
I would just have these weird moments who made you yeah.
Back in the day they weren't,
they weren't terrible.
No,
I don't think so.
I,
I it was just,
it was really what I'm telling you.
It was really,
I think that thing that we've been fighting for centuries,
you know,
we're both,
we're both self centered dudes.
We have big egos and you know,
you can kick people's asses.
I could only just,
you know,
a kind of caused severe aggravation.
Yeah.
Um,
but at the button pusher,
in the end,
what's really fascinating about the relationship,
the standups have to each other is even if I don't like a standup that much
we're running into at the airport,
I'm happy to see them over almost anybody else.
Yeah.
There.
Oh,
me too.
And there's nobody that I don't like that much unless they're criminals.
Your there,
you know bad dudes.
And that's a small number.
When criminals in Mielec joke thief,
no,
I mean like criminals,
criminals.
Back in the day there were some guys where you didn't want to like,
you know,
and I'm not going to lend you money and I'm not giving you a ride.
I'm not going to give you a ride anywhere.
No,
I'm not going to stop at this place for you and have you come running out and it
goes step on it.
Yeah.
We,
we all know certain dudes from those Nick's comedy stop days.
Oh Dude.
You just like,
what the fuck is going on here?
I've got to go down to the parking lot.
What's going on in the parking lot?
Do you want to go?
I don't think so.
I don't think I want to go.
Yeah.
Frankie,
best deal was that dude like he,
oh my God,
I took him on a drug run.
I was too stupid even know it.
Driving around the lower east side so he could like run in and visit a friend
and then like he comes out,
I'll sweaty.
We went,
oh fuck.
We went down in New York once.
I was living in Boston.
He,
he's dead now but he needed to score Frankie done long time ago.
It's been a few years.
He,
I think he had a,
uh,
I believe he had HIV but he,
you know,
he was also like a hard court junkie.
But before I knew he was a dope addict,
like I was such a sucker cause you want to hang,
I am very compelled towards dudes with like,
you know,
crazy ass personalities with a lot of charisma.
Cause my dad was a nut bag so I will always look for nut bags to hang out with
because they're entertaining.
So we had me drive in New York,
we'd go to the lower east side.
He goes,
yeah,
just pull it around,
drive around this block.
A couple of,
I had no fucking idea what he was doing.
So I guess he went in,
he got high and he got back in my car and he was just started pouring sweat and
couldn't shut up.
And then he goes,
Jimmy tingle is around here,
you know Jimmy Sober guy.
So I don't really know Jimmy that well.
But I knew him well enough and he was living in New York at the time.
So Frankie calls Jimmy and we go to Jimmy's house,
Frankie's now like babbling and sweating and fucked up and weird and he brings
Jimmy's bell and Jimmy's like,
I'm about to go do a gig and Frankie's like,
Eh,
can I just take a shower?
I just need to take a shower.
And Jimmy's like,
I,
okay,
I guess you can take a shower.
So now this junky is showering and we're holding Jimmy yet.
But it's just moments like that where you like,
I had no idea that this guy was a fucking con man,
criminal dude.
And then poor tingle,
I don't even know what he,
if he even remembers that,
but at least he was a safe criminal dude.
Best deal might get you in trouble if he took me to the wrong place.
Right.
But he wouldn't try to rob,
you know,
we knew a few guys that would try to rob you.
You know,
not that guy.
Yeah,
no bad guys,
bad people or you get into situations.
That's one of the reasons why,
you know,
the drug thing sort of wore out from me is that,
you doing the right kinds of drugs in the wrong kind of places,
you exponentially grow your,
the possibility of you catching a fucking bullet or a bad turn is just amplified
exponential.
You doing coke with Kinison?
Yes,
I was a kid.
That's legendary.
Double.
If you stop and think about that,
that's like,
you mean doing coke with Kennison is like in the world of standup comment.
It's like shooting heroin with miles Davis.
Right.
But he also pissed on my bed and it very up.
He's a good guy.
He was not a great guy.
Oh No,
I'm not saying that.
No,
it was pretty legendary and there were some pretty,
uh,
pretty amazing moments during that time.
Uh,
but yeah,
but you know,
doing that stuff well he was also one of those guys where he had a lot of,
he liked having a lot of people around and you know,
he liked having a posy like having a group of guys and you know,
it's just one of those situations where you're sitting around that shit and you
really,
you know,
like someone could die and then a few seconds while you're like,
could be me.
He is nobody who you know,
dies.
And it was terrible situations.
Thanks.
Today's the day.
No,
with Kennison someone's going to drop dead here.
There was some dude one time,
he's still alive too.
Where like some dude after partying one night,
cause we were up at the house where that's where I was with him and they come
party up there.
Some dude fucking,
you know,
woke up in the morning and his car was fucking totaled and he had no
recollection of it.
He was like,
yeah,
I don't know what happened man.
I'm like,
well was it a school bus color?
Explained her house for people don't know what the house was.
Well,
the house was,
uh,
behind the comedy store.
Mitzi owned a small mansion that,
um,
that she would rent out to comics.
And at the time I was there like I was,
I was the head doorman and I was driving her fucking truck.
I was driving the jeep for her,
which means I would have to take people to the airport so they could go do the
dunes.
She had a club at the,
uh,
I believe that dunes and Degas and I'd also have to go get her Chinese chicken
salad and I'd also have to run fucking errands.
I'm driving around in that cheap,
but I was also the head door guy and then she just let me live in the house.
How old were you at the time?
21.
Wow.
It was right when I left Boston that first time I graduated college.
Uh,
you know,
I took the summer at home.
I thought it was King Shit.
I already had a pretty good coke habit going.
I thought it was the shit.
Am I going to go out here?
And I auditioned for her.
And then basically I lived at the comedy store for a little under a year.
So she had that house.
I had dices old room,
but he used to come up like the,
I,
you know,
several people have lived there at the time I was there.
It was me,
big fat Todd.
Did you know Todd at all?
Dot.
Todd?
Yeah.
The tod hooked me up,
man.
That's how I got into the comedy store.
Yeah.
I think something broken.
His brain broke.
Yeah.
Uh,
they,
and Jimmy Schubert was living there for a while and then one of the sound guys
was living there for a while to myo lived upstairs by lot.
Suki and Sam used to go out with her so that he had a double,
the reason why he would come up there and party was,
it would always,
it got so fucking nuts,
dude.
Like I didn't know Sam.
And quite frankly,
when I first got out here,
I didn't really love his that much.
Yeah.
I didn't get it.
And then like I come out,
I become head doorman,
Sam's out on the road somewhere.
I meet Carla Bove and he's like,
so you're the new head door guy.
I'm like,
yeah.
And he goes,
I used to,
you know,
we used to do that.
Me and Sam and like,
and I had no idea.
Like you know the store,
you know,
I,
there's mythologies that happened,
there's people that are dug in there and I come out of nowhere.
I had no idea about this sort of mythology or what do's people paid or what a
door guy,
men,
I didn't know the way it worked.
And he was like,
we were had door guys.
I like you man.
And then he gives me his watch and I'm like,
why are you giving me your watch?
And he's like,
I want you to have that man.
It's just an act of a brotherhood or whatever.
Some weird bullshit.
I'm like,
now what's happening?
You know,
Sam's got to meet you when he comes in,
you know,
you,
you got my watch.
So you've got the stamp of approval,
what is happening,
you know?
Then Sam comes and then,
you know,
I got to go one on one with him for a night doing blow and that was fucking
crazy.
I,
I've told that story before.
It never to you,
but that was crazy.
How much blow was he doing with like an eight ball and night or do you even know
how much he was?
You know,
it was unclear.
Not unlike best deal.
Like,
you know,
whatever was going on with Sam.
Like I came into town right when he was about to break big.
All right.
So I didn't like,
I grew to really appreciate his comedy,
you know,
he became very clear that like I'll still listen to that first record like once
or twice a year rather than hell.
Yeah.
Which you can't even get on CD for reasons I don't fucking understand.
The Warner brothers,
people didn't like the fact that it was so homophobic.
It was like what was resistant?
They didn't want to put it on CD.
Really?
Yeah,
that's what I heard.
That's what I heard about people worked at Warner brothers,
but that it seems like if the music,
if the music is x,
can make money,
they'll generally make,
when they've put out homophobic,
somebody apparently put the Kibosh on that.
The Chi Bosch on it.
Well,
you can rip it.
I got to be bullshit.
Somebody ripped it.
Well,
yeah,
but I mean there was some,
a couple of wrong minded jokes on there.
There's no question about that.
But you know,
there's also some fucking masterpieces on there.
Oh No,
look,
it's amazing.
But I heard this when I was,
I had a deal at Warner brothers.
My first CD was there.
Yeah.
So I talked to people who work there.
So you'll never see it on CD.
Dick,
Dick Suck.
Suck,
Suck Dick.
They must have been that last fucking dig.
Yeah,
yeah.
I think,
uh,
for a year he was the greatest comic cover.
That's right.
I'll give it that.
That's,
I think that's right.
And I was there during that.
That's amazing.
So,
but like I was there the night,
his HBO special aired.
Wow.
I was there at the party at Carl at Bo's house when that first one,
the one where he was good.
Yeah.
Like I was at,
I was in the main room when he was working out that homosexual necrophilia joke.
Wow.
Which was spectacular to watch,
spectacular to watch because the thing that people forget about him is that he
was very aware of,
of how he did comedy,
you know,
he knew like,
Eh,
and I told,
I told,
I talked about that with Mel Brooks.
Dude,
I,
you know,
like Steve Pearl put it very succinctly,
Steve pro was sort of a genius and,
and still is sort of a genius.
But uh,
like I remember one time like he was like,
I'm like,
cause you stuck in that we were stuck up at the house and Becker who used to be
Mitsis assistant used to call us the Manson family because you have Sam,
what he would do or what's you want to hear the whole story.
Yeah.
The first time I met Sam,
you know,
he,
he shows up and you know,
you could sort of feel that guy come in like,
you know,
Monday nights where his night,
there was no cover nights.
So all the way it was chaos here.
Like all the rooms were free and every fucking freak in the world would converge
on the comedy store.
All the porn stars,
all the fucking people from the Roxy,
the,
the rockers would come down.
It was just electric with insanity because that was his night.
He would come to the main room on Monday at about 11 o'clock and just fucking do
his thing.
And that's sort of where that shit started.
I mean,
you've got a little of that,
you know,
with the special spots,
the hour spots where,
you know,
you kind of were able to kind of rule the right,
the store.
That sort of started I think with him.
So the first time I met him,
you know,
he's like,
Carlos says,
you're all right.
I'm like,
yeah,
I got,
we're in the launch
and we'd go up to Cresto cause I was living up there.
And it's just me and Sam.
And he starts putting out the lines,
you know,
and I'm like,
all right,
I'm fucking,
I'm,
I can do this,
man.
I can fucking,
oh,
we're fucking doing Sam's coke.
And he's telling me,
you know,
he's telling me the history of Sam.
And he was saying,
he said this a lot.
He said,
it looked me in the eye and Marin look me in the eye and Marin,
I don't trust a man,
can't look me in the eye.
And I'm like,
okay,
I'm looking,
you know,
we're doing blow.
And then at some point he's like,
you ever burn money?
And like,
I know now he's like,
yeah,
you should burn money.
And he pulls out this money,
starts pulling out hundred dollar bills and we just start burning his money.
So it feels pretty good.
I'm like,
as long as it's not my money.
So then,
uh,
you know,
we run out of coke at about three 30 in the morning.
We're fucking,
you know,
loaded.
And we're also drunk.
I mean he,
you know,
he would Busan,
one thing coke gets you is a lot more drinking time,
but you don't really realize how much you've drank.
You know,
so you can actually,
no matter how much coke you do,
once the alcohol catches up,
you're fucked.
You know,
cause now the coke is not even letting you drink more.
So you're pretty,
you're like in a blackout,
cause your body like from alcohol,
we'll black out,
but the cocoa keep you fucking going,
but you're just gone.
You know.
So he's like,
you know,
we gotta get more coke.
And I'm like,
I don't,
I don't know,
wouldn't it?
I don't know anybody.
So like,
no,
we'll go,
we'll go.
So he's like,
yeah,
you're driving though.
And I'm like,
fuck.
Okay.
So right.
So it's like three 30 in the morning,
he gets in my Toyota and we're driving down sunset to Creston heights.
We just take a right on crescent heights and pull into this apartment building.
And like on the way over there,
Sam's like passing out and you know,
and he looks at me and he goes,
he wakes up really quick and he goes,
I don't even know you man.
You can fucking kill me.
And I'm like,
just skull.
It just,
where are we going?
You know?
So,
so we get to this dude's house and we get to the apartment,
you know,
and he rings.
Now here's some tire dude.
Go what?
And he's like it,
Sam,
we're coming up.
You got a,
so we go up and we knock on this door and this dude in a bathrobe opens he and
he's got long hair.
I've seen this dude since,
I don't wanna mention his name,
but he's okay.
This guy,
it turns out he was a hairdresser during the day,
but he sold to him coke.
You know,
he's got this long curly hair permed.
We'll mustaches that dude.
And he's in his fucking bathrobe and Samsung,
wait,
when needed some blow and the guys would be careful,
just be call I had my roommates.
We've been,
was that situation.
So now,
like we go into this guy's bedroom and seems like you got any booze and the guy
all,
for some reason,
all he had was miniatures from the airport and the airplane.
So it gives him a,
like a miniature smear enough in Sam just sits on the floor,
little fat Kennison drinking out of this little smear and off bottle.
It was very endearing.
You look like a giant.
He's just like this.
And then fucking San passes out and I don't know,
this dude in Sam's fucking on his floor blacked out,
fucking done.
And I'm like,
oh,
well I guess I'm going to take off.
He's like,
no,
you're fucking not.
I'm not,
he can't pull a Belushi on me,
man.
Get him the fuck Outta here.
I'm like,
well this is a friendship.
Yeah.
So like,
you know,
this guy's just like fucking get them out.
So of course of those Sam you'd get,
I don't know him at all.
And I'm like,
all,
and then he gives me the blow and I'm like,
all right.
So I wake Sam up and I'd fucking walk them out to my car and then I'm walking
back into the house and he just passes out on the floor,
Crest Hill in front of the fireplace,
slept on the floor,
face down on the floor.
And,
and I thought it was bizarre because I'm like,
Eh,
what do I just leave him there?
Whatever.
And then I did some coke by myself.
And so,
but the thing was is that he used to do that a lot.
Like he liked to sweep on the ground.
Like he would sweep on the floor up there a lot.
And he apparently he swept at home,
uh,
on the ground too.
But that was the first time I met him.
That was the first time we hung out.
That's an awesome story.
Yeah.
But then it gets all ugly.
Joe.
Well,
here's a lot of ugly with Kinison and,
and my opinion,
although [inaudible] was the best ever for,
like I said,
for a year,
he also is the best ever example of a guy who lost everything is as far as his
ability.
He was genius.
And then fucking terrible.
If you look at like his later stuff,
the stuff that he did after louder than hell.
[inaudible] album was not great.
And then it fell apart after that.
It got in the way.
He always wanted to be a rock star.
That guy,
he too.
We used to sit up there in that house.
Pearl was so great.
He used to go,
I used to go,
you want to come hang out?
He's like,
what?
And listened to how salmon vented paper and the printing press and grabbing,
well you know,
did you ever read his book?
His brother's book?
[inaudible] my brothers.
It's interesting cause he said that Sam was hit by a car when he was a little
kid and completely changed his personality.
So he's like Sam Walton and Sam to sort of,
you know,
the model of Earth,
Earth,
Warren Earth too.
And the earth was actually hit by another planet.
Yeah.
Which,
uh,
may may have created our moon,
but certainly if you're saying the earth got hit by a planet and made it angry,
it made it the earth,
the earth we exist on today.
Whereas Kennison there was Kinison one and can listen to it.
It was Kennison and then Kennison hit by a car,
completely different person afterwards.
And this is a,
what else can I say is this is an issue that a friend is going through because
their son was hit by a car.
You know a guy.
Yes.
Okay.
Hit by a car when he's on a motorcycle and he got fucked up and some traumatic
brain injuries and he's totally different person now and the family is
struggling with it.
They don't really know exactly how to deal with it.
You know,
you're dealing with a guy who was one way and then an event happens and all of a
sudden you have this weird,
aggressive,
strange,
reckless person.
But he was also like,
um,
the,
the fascinating thing about him and like,
you know,
I,
I've never told you these stories and you know,
some of these stories,
but you know,
was that he was very aware of,
of what he was trying to do that,
you know,
he was a guy that was gunning for,
uh,
Jim Baker's wife.
He was a guy that you know,
comes from a family of ministers and what his dream was a satellite station,
you know,
a theme park.
Like he wanted to be one of those type of preachers that had a global
congregation and mega million dollar business a doing preaching.
That's what he wanted to do.
That was the trajectory he was on.
And there's a fascinating thing if you know,
if anyone could get hold of this because he would play them occasionally if he
went to his house out in Malibu where when he was started doing comedy in,
in Houston where you know,
he was still preaching and he had a lot of pressure from his family to continue
preaching.
But he was compelled towards this to,
to,
to comedy and to play music.
And there's like,
there's the,
I don't know what the story was with when he and the original outlaws came out
when he and Carl came out or who was involved in that.
And then bill came out later when he was like a teenager and,
and all that stuff and they had their falling out.
I don't know the details of that,
but I do know that when he was out here and things weren't working out
comedically,
like he went back home and actually preached like his,
uh,
his family got him up on the pulpit and he preached and he played this sermon,
which was really about like,
you know,
like losing his guitar and like,
like you could hear him struggling,
you know,
trying to hold the faith and wondering whether or not he,
he still had God on his side or whether or not he could still preach.
Like it was one of these weird sermons where he was obviously struggling with
the idea that,
you know,
he was now living this other life.
And so he built this character that,
you know,
I think that quite honestly,
if I think back on it,
that he was going to Diff,
I don't think he ever lost his faith in Jesus ever.
And I think that like in his mind,
that he was going to embody and comedically that his clown,
which he called the beast,
was going to push as hard as he could against God.
Knowing that,
you know,
if he had a second at the end,
he could still get in the,
you know what I mean?
Like if you asked for forgiveness at the end,
at the door,
that you can still get in.
Like it was always sort of a question of mine.
Like whether or not he turned his back on God,
but I don't think he ever,
like he was a guy,
I knew the Bible inside out.
You know,
he could like,
he could turn on the preacher thing,
like the,
if you listened to his cadence and you listened to classic Baptist preaching it,
you know,
he knew how to do it and you hear these tapes of him preaching,
he was fucking great at it.
And like,
this is what I told him.
I'll Brooks cause I,
and I think it will blow you away.
And I don't think it's like a secret and I don't have to necessarily honor a
dead man secrets,
but you don't like,
you know,
you'd sit there with him and he,
you'd sit around these tables with him doing blow and he'd,
he'd look at you,
I'm to save you some time,
man.
I'm going to take care of you man.
I'm going to get you,
you know,
I'm going to take eight years off of your dues,
by hanging out with me.
You know,
Geez,
we just swipe feeds you this bullshit.
And he had that charisma of a preacher so he wanted to be around them cause it
was like electric,
you know,
to be,
have the attention of that dude was pretty electric and to have the coke was
twice as electric.
But you know,
I'm a kid.
I'm 2122 but I can remember one night I was like,
well why don't you fucking figure it out?
I used to get up his ass,
like I used to just poke him and poke him and poke him.
Like there was one time where everyone was hanging out and I think I was
fighting it.
I needed to get out so I would do shit,
you know,
like,
uh,
like it was one time,
there's like 12 people there and I'd be like,
Hey Sam,
let's burn some money.
And He,
and because he was the beast,
he sorta had to do shit.
He'd be like,
no,
Fuck Marin contaminant.
They start burning money in and he'd start to fucking get mad at me.
And I always,
I also knew that come like the second or third day you've been awake straight.
He had,
he had no ability.
Like there was no valve between thought and action.
It just goes away.
You know,
it's,
how many days was he stay up for?
Well,
I know I did three with him a few times,
but like,
like dude,
it gets weird man.
Well,
it's three days awake.
Like you don't leave the house and people come and go and you lose track of
time.
And then like,
you know,
after you're up all night,
one night,
then you go back down to the store and everything's fucking haunted.
I co I was,
the reason I left La dude was cause I got psychotic.
It took me a year and a half.
I got psychotic.
Like,
you know,
you do like,
you entertained conspiracy stuff,
you know,
like I was living,
I got fucked up man.
I heard voices in my head.
It took me a year and a half to get my brain back after that,
a year and a half.
Oh my God.
It's like coke.
Well,
because what happens is you deprive yourself asleep.
So you're on coke.
Yeah.
But you deprive yourself a sweep.
And like,
I'd always had this thing in my head when I was a kid with drugs because I
always thought of myself as sort of a drug warrior,
you know?
But I was,
you know,
pretty sensitive drug warrior.
Yeah.
I,
the,
my heroes were never sports guys that were drugs.
Right.
So I,
you know,
I never wanted to boot,
I Never Bang Shit.
I never had since shot nothing,
but there's very few drugs.
I didn't try,
but coke was the thing.
But there was a,
you know,
I always had this idea in my head that like if I ever lose my mind,
that's what I'm going to,
I'm going to pull back like you would know.
Right.
And there was this Tom McGuane quote,
he said,
the mind is not a boomerang.
If you throw it too far,
it will not come back.
Right.
So,
so
it's great.
He's a good writer,
that guy.
But um,
he's just a novelist.
But uh,
so like,
so you're doing all this coke and you know,
the store's got that vibe.
So I,
I'm in the darkest period of the store.
Sam represents a store at its most insidious,
you know,
because he fed on the energy and like I'm doing all this coke and then I start
to fucking like,
I start to fucking trip out.
You know,
I start to see signs and symbols and things like I think I'm tapped into some
like all right,
all right,
God's so whatever forces that are out there,
they've got a plan for me cause I'm here.
I'm supposed to be making note of things.
Like at the time I was at the store that,
you know the hotel right across the street that a,
the sunset tower,
that old decco hotel that was gutted when I was there.
So it was just this carcass of a building and on top you can see it,
there's an altar up there like a,
like a Greek sort of like alter looking thing.
So I had it in my head.
It's like when they rebuild that that's going to be used.
That at the end of the world is going to review.
Like I was out there too out there and like fucking like I was,
you know,
I would lay in bed cause you can't sweep on blow.
Most of the dudes like I was never one of these dudes like somehow or another
they all had fucking downers or maybe they were doing dope or whatever.
But no,
I never had no values that never had nothing.
So those guys would go live their life and I'd be fucking in my closet,
you know,
to,
hiding from them.
Like I got to the point where I,
I would sweep in the closet so I wouldn't have to go fucking party with these
idiots.
And I was hearing voices in my head like,
you know,
I wasn't even getting ready and I would just sit there like,
please make sense,
give me some direction.
And uh,
so I was fucking out there man.
And like ultimately what happened with the,
uh,
the,
the story about like,
I started like,
he never let me into the inner circle.
Thank fucking God.
Cause you know,
you look at the cats that were involved with that,
they didn't,
you know,
they didn't really pull out on their own that well.
So,
you know,
it's that were Mike Becker used to call them satellite comics that,
there were dudes that would rotate around dudes and you know,
they,
you know,
and then they just sort of fall away,
but didn't know Hicks was a lone wolf,
you know.
But that's why he left.
I don't know what their argument was about,
but Hicks was very young and I don't know what the beef was,
but he was,
he wasn't even 21.
I think that shit hit the fan and he went back to Houston.
He was,
no,
he left.
I'm talking later,
you know,
and you know,
most of the guys that were part of that,
um,
I ran into one of them in,
in Cleveland who was,
he's a lawyer now,
so he's out.
All right.
So one of those guys talked to him.
He might just sell to sell cars out.
Uh,
but,
uh,
but what ultimately happened was I kept,
you know,
like I did a couple of Bro,
this was the dude,
dude,
Shit.
I mean,
this was serious fucking peck and Paul Shit with these guys.
And it got very scary for a guy like me cause I'm not a fucking bro and I'm,
you know,
and I'm not,
I'm kind of a pussy and I was the,
again with some fairly weird hardcore dudes,
there used to be this dude that sold dope or coke at the store.
And the story on him was that he was a,
an air of Arab descent.
And the story,
uh,
about him was that,
like,
uh,
like there was a couple stories like that.
He,
he fought against the Israelis in the,
in one of the wars as a Palestinian and that like he was also in nom,
like thinking back on it couldn't be possible.
But the story about him was that he was in nom and he was a,
you know,
fighting for the Americans and he was on the ground and he needed to be
airlifted out because it was a hot zone and a chopper came down and they were
about to airlift him out,
but it was too hot and they were about to take off.
The chopper was about to leave and this dude was on radio with the chopper and
said,
well,
we've got you in,
in our sites,
so you decide what you want to do.
Right.
You got you all right.
So you can leave,
but we're going to take you out if you don't fucking pick us up.
So this was the mythology of that dude.
So he was around and uh,
and like I was,
I'd done a couple of fucking things that I didn't even think about.
It's a weird thing about paranoia and about,
you know,
scary guys like Carl had a wife who was kind of a nut bag and a,
I don't know if you've had Carl on,
but he's a great guest.
It's great guy.
No,
I haven't had a mom,
very interesting story,
you know,
because you know,
his,
his wife had Sam's baby after he died.
So,
you know,
he's very,
into like,
you know,
sort of the sort of father's rights and you know,
he's active in,
you know,
in what happened with that.
You know,
cause he brought up that kid and it wasn't his and,
but whatever it was,
it,
he told the story of my podcast.
But what,
like he,
here's what happened,
here's the beginning of the meltdown and I'll tell you the whole story cause I
know your listeners haven't heard it and it's a pretty good story.
So I'm losing my fucking mind and I are already piss him off because I started
to like do shit,
you know,
like you have to burn,
burn money.
And then like one time,
you know,
like he had some chick over and there's a few people at the table and like it
was like day three and this chick he was hanging out with was like,
you know,
broken mess of a junky girl.
And uh,
like I just remember like,
you know,
I knew that things were getting weird and it was just there.
It was about five of us.
And I put on this ACDC album really loud and Sam just fucking what?
And he just throws this chicken on the table and starts making out with her and
coke goes all over the place and people scatter.
And I was like,
so,
so I was trying,
I was just pushing these buttons.
But uh,
you know what happened was like,
I remember this is what happened.
This was the creepiest moment cause it's,
it's sort of a real moment.
Christy will bow or in Carla just bought a car,
an rx seven and she went and picked the car up and for some reason is the middle
of the day.
And I was in the parking lot of the comedy store cause I didn't know what the
fuck to do with my life.
I would go down there and make coffee.
I would listen to my new cds in the or because of the sound system was good.
I would literally,
I lived at the fucking comedy store so I had to know where Christy Lipo dries up
in this new rx seven.
She goes,
how do you like my new,
my new car?
You want to take a ride?
I'm like,
yeah,
sure,
let's go.
So we get high smoke some weed,
and you start driving around Mulholland drive all around.
I'm like,
this is fucking great.
It's fucking great.
And then she dropped me back off at the store.
Fine.
So like,
then later that night Carl shows up and he's fucking ice in me and he's like,
fuck you.
And I'm like,
what's going on?
I don't know what's going on.
You know what I mean?
You're so invested with a group where you like,
what things are starting to break this?
These people are my life.
You know?
And then like,
you know Carlos fucking ice and me,
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
And then Sam comes up later,
he shows up,
pulls me out and do a parking lot.
He's got,
he's,
I'm like,
what's going on with Carl man?
You know,
like this little kid.
I was like a little kid and he puts his arm around me and he goes like,
Hey Marin,
you never want to put them in a position where he has to trust you.
I call it the fuck is happening.
Am I in a cowboy movie?
It's actually really good advice.
It is very good advice.
But the point was it,
nothing happened.
But that shit went back to him and said,
I am me and Mark Marin cause car.
That's what Carl said.
He comes out and he goes,
how'd you like my car?
I haven't even written in it yet.
Right.
That was it.
I have even written any yet.
Yeah,
we just drove up.
I haven't really nice car.
And I'm like fuck.
And then Sam gave me that rap.
Right.
So now all of a sudden I'm like this 21 year old comic fucked up on blow and now
you've got these fucking,
you know cowboys mad at me.
You know what it'd be like,
what the fuck is happening?
So,
oh,
but the,
the notorious story about the urinating on the bed thing.
Sam was weird with his Dick and peeing on things.
You know,
like
everyone at the comedy store is weird with her.
Dixit seems like,
yeah,
way.
I think it's a comic thing.
Maybe be dicks out,
whatever.
Show it to people.
Yeah.
More Dixon been pulled out at the comedy store than any of us for no reason.
Look at my Dick.
Yeah.
But,
uh,
the fucker peed on your bed.
Right.
But like,
he was already mad at me cause that fucking crazy chick that he was with,
like,
I just didn't know better.
Like,
you know the ride,
you know,
theoretically maybe I shouldn't have gotten that car,
but you were 21 right?
You didn't know any better.
And then like this chick,
you know,
like this crazy junkie chick,
that same Lucien,
like she shows up at the House one day up at Crest Hill and she's like,
you know,
Sam said we'd come help me move my stuff over here in,
Sam's going to pick me up later.
I'm like,
alright,
so I drive this chick down to fucking Hollywood boulevard.
I don't know where the Ng this fucking,
you know,
SRO,
she brings,
brings out a bunch of shit and I bring it over to the house and then like,
you know,
Sam's got to deal with this and uh,
in San,
well,
you know,
after that went down,
he's like,
yeah,
thanks a lot.
And that's,
yeah,
it's exactly what I needed was to fucking,
yeah.
Thanks buddy.
Now I've got that fucking chicken,
my house.
Right.
So I don't fucking know this stuff.
I'm way I believe people.
So,
uh,
so she had you move her in the Sam's basically she put me in a position to our
God to wear it.
Like I didn't know where Sam lived at that time,
but I brought the shit over to Crest Hill.
Oh God.
Right.
So the peeing on the bed thing.
So by now,
like as you're going in between the Carl thing and you know,
don't want to put them in a position where men have guys to trust you.
And then that chick thing and this and that burning money.
Yeah,
he was,
he'd had enough of me because I was kept,
you know,
fucking Pocono and getting in trouble.
And,
uh,
but the,
the fucking,
the greatest thing was in part of me really loved this because there's,
if,
if I have one fault and it's surprising I have not gotten my ass kicked is that
I love making fucking,
you know,
angry control freak lunatics lose their shit that I,
there's something about poking a dude that,
you know,
like it was it also that he was the king and it was like,
was a person who grew up low.
You just sort of had to like define yourself in your own world and you see
everyone following this guy.
You're like,
oh come on man.
But it wasn't,
but he didn't have followers because he was a dark motherfucker.
There were a lot of people,
like I remember one time a chick who I went out with in college came to visit me
in La and we were doing this shit.
We out with jam was out of town but we were all doing blow and staying up all
night and you know,
like you know,
like,
and I was sitting there saying like getting into said,
isn't this amazing?
Look at how this is how fucking we live.
Man,
isn't this great?
Look at those fucking saps out there that,
that don't know how to live in.
This woman goes home after seeing this in Saturday and she writes me later,
she said,
look,
I don't know what you're thinking,
but you know,
most people don't want to live what?
You know what it'd be.
And I never thought about it like that.
I'm like,
fucking,
we're living,
you know,
you're a comic too.
And to be a comic,
like does that rock and roll sort of lifestyle aspect to it that it's celebrated
too crazy and wild.
But he wasn't just the king.
He was clearly doing something that no one had done before.
Standup wise.
Yeah.
And,
and that like,
you know,
and,
and I was the darkness,
he was able to make funny.
I mean,
the one thing you forget about that people forgetting,
I don't,
I think he gets short shrift.
I don't think he gets the respect that he deserves as an amazing standup nick.
Not only because of the homophobic thing or,
or,
or the misogyny necessarily,
but just because he lived too,
too long.
Like if he had died after that first record,
oh yeah.
Do you know what I mean?
Drink status.
But like,
you know,
he was,
he was taking subjects that were specifically difficult and,
and loaded and pushing them to the,
to the,
pushing the envelope with them into a realm of funny that I don't think anybody
ever did.
Like,
you know,
specifically like the Manson joke,
the homosexual necrophilia joke,
you know,
just,
uh,
I think,
what's that guy's name?
Bob.
Some writer said something very intuitive about him.
He said that Kennison gave a voice to the broken hearted man that like,
you know,
his whole anger at,
uh,
about,
you know,
women or whatever that there was,
it was,
he just pushed the envelope and it was interesting to be around somebody that
was really like pushing the envelope.
Yeah.
I could imagine.
I mean,
this is how good the homosexual necrophilia arc joke was.
I didn't hear it from him.
I heard it from a friend of mine was working at the Boston Athletic Club in
South Boston and a girl who was working the front desk,
just a friend of mine and not a girl I was dating.
She was like,
you have to see this community.
And he's so funny.
Oh my God,
he does this joke.
So she's out in the parking lot going,
oh,
you mean live keeps fucking in the ass even after your dad and your friends.
And I was laughing so hard at her doing my impression of this comedian.
I was like 19 yeah,
that bit was fucking insane.
It's insane.
It was so good.
And there was nothing like it before that.
That's what people have to understand.
Like you could see a guy like Louis C k doing a joke like that today,
but when you're talking about 1986 there was nothing like that before.
It was,
it was completely revolutionary.
He was menacing,
dude.
I mean like,
you know,
this is the dude that would get on stage with this disposition and just this
weird intensity and it was like sexually charged and angrily charged.
And it was fucking pure rock and roll bullshit.
And people would just,
uh,
like I remember working the door at those fucking nights on Monday and you know,
and trying to pull rank on these fucking freaks,
it would show up.
I remember one time there was some dudes sitting right up front that I didn't
seek their,
you know,
this is a long haired dude waiting for Sam.
And I went up to him and I said,
you know,
you can't sit here.
And this dude turned around and he shot Satan into my face.
He was like,
I think I'm just going to sit here.
And I'm like,
I think you are too.
You know,
like,
you know,
he was all fucking cranked out and I was like,
all right dude.
Yeah,
you go ahead and sit there bed,
the same world guys.
Right.
But the two things I want to tell you was that like one of those nights,
and this is going to be kind of jarring,
but I think it's the most beautiful thing.
One of the most beautiful things I've ever heard in comedy was,
you know,
one of those nights I was,
poking it,
Sam,
like,
how'd you do it man?
How'd you figure out?
Like,
how'd you figure out your thing?
That was always my big question.
Like,
I remember one time I was in a car with Jimmy Miller,
uh,
Dennis,
his brother and Janeane Garofalo in Boston because I was still that guy.
By the time I got to the Boston,
I was still like,
how did he fucking figure it out?
And I remember it was flooded with Jimmy because,
you know,
I was driving them somewhere because he was in town scouting something and he's
a big manager.
And I was like,
uh,
how'd you,
your brother figured it out?
I mean,
how did he get his voice and fucking Gibby?
Gloria goes,
he's doing Belzer,
right?
Yeah,
yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
I thought that was hilarious.
Elzer with a bigger vocabulary.
So,
well,
so anyways,
so I'm riding Kennison about it and like where'd you go?
What is it,
what's the fucking key?
Give me the key if you're the fucking wizard,
you know,
give me the fucking truth.
Give me the key.
How'd you figure out your thing?
And he looked at me and he goes,
gene wilder.
And I'm like,
what now if you watched any wilder when he's younger,
how he builds.
Like is it [inaudible]
like it?
He was able to watch gene wilder,
like watchmen,
young Frankenstein as is.
And then there was an amazing,
the way he works up like just his,
the escalation of his delivery is what Kennison saw as the way to build.
I mean,
obviously the screaming at the end was his own thing,
but if you,
you know,
even like there's a little bit in Willy Wonka,
there's some in the producers,
but you watch wilder do his sing like God,
Eh.
And I'm like,
holy fuck.
So that's gene Wilder's drive shaft.
That's hilarious.
That's fucking insane.
Well that's some of the important things for young comics and knows that we all
sort of copy each other somehow or some way along the way.
Of course there was times when I was young,
there was one time when I was on stage at stitches where I heard myself doing
Richard,
Jenny,
like I heard Richard Jenny come out of my own mouth making it.
Yeah.
It was like stop thinking it.
You become that for a minute.
Yeah.
There,
there are times where you have to shake your,
like even there's some times where you do like,
you can just like all of a sudden you'll do on a towel.
Like what there's a beat or you know,
you just,
it's almost like you're taking,
you have to fight it.
It's like you have to fight those out of you,
especially in the beginning.
Fuck yeah,
dude.
I mean in it because what you're,
you're influence.
You Watch people and that's a delivery system that works.
Yeah.
So in your mind,
as you're finding your voice,
you'll find you're all of a sudden like,
oh my God,
it's not my delivery system or your,
or you build on it.
Like you look at Geraldo's stuff.
Like there was a period when Geraldo was really doing a tells cadence and then
he built out of it.
Some people do.
Todd Barry,
you know like you know Hicks,
what you had to,
you watch Hicks,
you if you were a Hicks Fan.
I had to stop watching him because it's,
it's so contagious.
Especially after he died.
Yeah,
yeah.
It was charged.
Yeah,
like an electrical storm.
You got to the point like with everything and also just vigilance in general
that one of the reasons I started,
you stop talking about politics and almost stopped talking about everything but
myself was because I didn't ever want,
you're like,
you know,
you get you,
you know in your life,
you're like,
well you crushed dreams here.
Like,
you know,
I'm doing a bit like that.
You're going a bit like that.
And then you're like,
why I don't want to do that bit anymore.
So I'm like,
well,
if I only talk about me,
I won't enter that fucking conversation.
Right.
That's true.
It's stupid funny.
It gets a little self involved.
But it's funny though,
but that way you avoid all the pitfalls of on originality or,
or,
or everyone's drawing from the same God damn pool.
Especially when there's like critical issues that everyone discusses.
Corruption and politics,
no Yada Yada.
Now between Twitter and everything else,
I mean,
you know,
every,
it's,
you're going to be,
it's going to be,
you're going to be hard pressed yet to find a take that somebody,
obviously you have a stage and everything else and you're going to take it
further,
whatever you're going to do.
And you know,
it's a different world,
but it's now the,
the hive mind is so on top of us,
it becomes difficult then the vigilance necessary.
I mean,
you don't fuck it.
It's just like I just try to keep it on me and I'm tired of it in a way.
Like I just did a special for Netflix
that's going to come out in July and it's all personal,
you know,
in,
in whatever it's called,
alternative comedy.
I mean,
storytelling is storytelling and people talk about,
you know,
their life,
but like there's,
pardon me,
like I kind of Miss,
you'll having public opinions on things.
Did it just have him then just have no,
no,
I do,
I do.
But it's sort of like,
I like,
you know,
being philosophical and being personal and I think it's a lot more organic for
me.
And I think that,
you know,
after a lot of years I finally found my true voice and I'm comfortable in it,
but now he's got to start filtering it back in and figuring out how to draw,
come directly from me.
Like if I can,
you know,
engage.
Like the reason I got out of politics,
it was essentially like,
I don't know if I was angry about politics as much as I was just angry.
And that's when I started the podcast.
I'm like,
I'm just going to deal with my anger and what's under that.
I had a conversation with Jamie kills team one,
smelled podcasts,
uh,
about,
six rather.
And,
uh,
we were,
were talking about whether or not like in,
if you know that it's a rigged game.
Yeah.
And at this point,
essentially,
we all know it's a rigged game and you still talk about it as if it's real.
Like,
are you playing into the system?
And the problem with real politics is as you start talking about Filibusters and
Democrats in Congress and the Senate,
you have that dealing with a nonsense game.
Well,
what you're dealing with is,
and that was directly,
uh,
my experience on political talk radio was that you're carrying water for
somebody.
Yes.
Because talking points or talking points and you know,
and,
and also the,
one of the problems as with political comedians is that,
you know,
if you're to the left,
there's about five talking points that will,
you know,
you're going to die
super pro gay marriage.
You're going to get your take on that.
And that's it.
And you,
by the way,
you're stuck with those points.
You can't,
you can't bury,
you can't have,
you know,
oh,
I,
but I like having guns.
You can't throw that in there.
And,
uh,
no,
it's becomes tricky if you're going to be that guy.
Yeah.
So like,
and I knew that.
I'm like well look,
you know,
I I there's a,
I just fucking knew after I did politics side,
there's no way you can be,
if you're going to be completely partisan and that's going to be your angle,
um,
then you lose some of your ability to be a comic because you should be able to
call bullshit on anything.
Yeah,
no doubt.
And you kind of give that up.
Yes.
Dennis Miller style.
Right,
right.
Which is very disturbing,
you know,
to me,
very disturbing.
I heard Seinfeld talking about it.
It was really interesting what Seinfeld said.
His take on it was that that Denis didn't want to do the heavy lifting anymore
so he just found this sort of political thing and just went for that and just
cut out all the funny went with this like real easy path.
I don't necessarily agree with that.
I think he got scared and when he got scared he went super right wing.
Cause it was all post nine 11.
It was all,
oh,
you mean you mean Bush?
Yeah,
right.
I happened to a lot of people that you thought were different than they were
the,
well,
there's a,
is it a comfort inn?
Like going with that Rah Rah drink whiskey and shoot them and let God sort them
out.
There's a comfort to that whole,
you know,
idea.
And there's also sort of a national
history of that kind of a jingoism I think you would call
it aggressive people support that massive and antiwar myopic.
Yes.
Narrow minded.
Yeah.
That's very clear.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Don't want to entertain it.
The other stuff.
Yeah.
There's no,
there's no room for debate in there.
It's a very hard stance.
I think the progressive thing is really,
it's,
it's about,
you know,
fairness,
education,
the underdog,
you know,
people being represented properly.
Aggressive mentality.
Yeah.
But I think like any ideology,
you get these cookie cutter sort of Oh yeah.
The patterns that people just sort of fall into.
And that was what I was talking about.
Like this Trayvon Martin thing.
It was like this woman screaming that she,
you know,
had a gun.
She would shoot George Zimmerman and all this craziness like there,
there's a certain amount of that like,
okay,
this is not careful and considerate thinking about an issue that we're really
not,
we don't have second or even third hand experience in dealing with.
We're dealing with WWE.
I didn't,
I've never even heard that guy's voice.
Okay.
I've read some shit that he said.
I've heard pundits and different people discuss it.
I've seen them,
the bar and CNN,
all the facts,
but I don't know what the fuck happened that day.
I don't know if it could have been avoided.
I don't know what happened other than one guy's dead and apparently they were in
the fight before he died.
Well,
I think that the real issue is that it's hard to deny that it's that it's was
not.
It was,
it was racially motivated probably.
Maybe,
and it's also,
it really becomes about guns and who gets guns and,
and how,
you know how that law is a little nuts there.
There's,
I in my mind,
if you're a reasonable person because in in that law where you can shoot in self
defense and you can carry in self defense.
I don't know how that's different than the wild west.
Like you know,
he drew on me first.
I mean that's literally the conversation you can have with that law.
Oh it's real.
Yeah.
And it,
that is a crazy law,
crazy concealed carry.
You know,
the idea of concealed carry is that if you have a well armed society,
people are going to be more polite and there's people that subscribe to that
belief and that can be true or we all know people that lose their temper and if
you lose your temper and you just happen to be carrying a glock,
you know,
crazy shit can happen that you really regret
that the,
the,
the reality of,
of,
you know,
race in this country is that that kid was a suspect before he was born.
True.
Most,
most likely.
And again,
we don't know what the interaction was,
but I mean I am not,
I'm out in either camp.
I think there's not,
first of all,
something happened where that kid was beating the shit out of that guy.
And if you ever watch world star hip hop.com no ever watched the dudes get
knocked out and just a bunch of people run by and kick him in the head.
I mean there's,
there are some of the craziest fucking videos online of people getting hit and
then a bunch of people just kicking them while they're down.
There's,
there's this dark people out.
There are some people that do evil,
evil shit all over the world.
And when a guy is on top of you beating your ass,
you know,
however it got to that,
I think Zimmerman hit
him first.
And if this guy is on top of you kicking your ass,
I don't know what you're supposed to do.
And if you have a gun,
I mean,
what are you supposed to do?
Well,
either you kick,
what would I do if I,
if I didn't have the gun beat you to death?
No,
I run.
If you had the gun on you,
but he wasn't going to,
he's not going out there.
He's not out front.
And that kid wasn't going to beat him to death.
Oh,
how do you know that?
I got a good feeling.
Oh Jesus.
That's ridiculous.
You can't ever say that.
I've,
I've met people that beat,
beat someone to death accidentally.
I've met,
I met more than one person.
Well,
I understand what you're saying that we don't really know what happened,
but we do know that a guy with a gun who was a basically a glorified rent,
a cop who probably shouldn't been able to really have that gun.
I mean,
the cops were needed.
There should have been cops here.
Whatever the hell happened.
Some guy who wasn't a cop shot a black kid and said that it was self defense.
That's all.
So it's basically what we need said.
An unarmed black kid.
Yes.
So it's,
he said versus the dead guy who's got no voice,
no doubt.
And,
and,
and sadly in most parts of the country,
a lot of people are going to be like,
well know black kid was probably,
I mean,
come on,
he's a black kid maybe.
But there's also the reality,
and again that I'm not picking a side here,
but then we might really been defending.
Kid was on top of him and he was beating his ass.
I mean,
that's the reality.
Is it?
Shit?
Yes.
Why?
Why didn't we know that hit a broken nose?
He had cuts in the back of his head from his head being banged off the ground.
I mean,
you've ever seen the photos of him?
Yeah,
he looked pretty bad.
He got beat up and he was probably,
look,
if,
if you ever had a guy beat you up,
if you ever had someone kick your ass,
no.
This is a very scary thing.
I don't need it.
This is a very scary thing when you're in a fight,
and especially if it's a fist fight,
like out on the street,
not,
not a martial arts competition,
but a fist fight.
It's a very scary thing.
When you worried you're going to go out,
you're going to go out,
and this guy who was trying to kill you,
smashing you off the ground,
has the ability to do whatever he wants to do.
You mean you're going to go unconscious,
you're going to be unconscious.
I get it.
And that's the reality of physically when you,
if you've never been hit before,
it's a terrifying thing.
When somebody hits you and you see sparks in front of your eyes and you feel
yourself drifting in and out of consciousness and you trying to stay conscious,
you keep hitting you.
Yeah,
it's terrifying.
And if you had a gun and it was between him or you,
you might pull the gun.
The real question is how did it get to that situation in the first place?
Did he harassed that kid?
Did he fuck up?
Was that kid that,
was that the straw that broke the camel's back?
There's a lot of issues.
Who started what,
but it's not clear situation.
No,
I get it.
But what's clear is a,
is a,
you know,
a black teenager,
his dad who was unarmed and that guy wasn't a cop who had a gun,
shot him and he says he would if the kid beat him to death.
No,
I get all that.
But I mean,
you know what,
I'm not,
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying it is,
there are things out there that will beat you to death.
Sure.
You know,
I know.
But also on the other side of that,
what if he beat him to death?
There's also the question of what did happen,
who started what.
It's true.
Absolutely.
So like,
you know,
a huge part of it.
Yeah.
And,
and,
and that is the gray area.
But I think the question is,
is,
you know,
is there a racial component?
Yes.
And is that kind of crazy?
Yeah.
Yes.
And,
um,
well,
there's a lot of issues.
Obviously.
The,
the,
the real issue that I have brought up ad nauseum on this podcast is,
it's the weirdest fucking aspect of our culture is that we don't address that
weakest point in the chain,
which is impoverished.
People in terrible neighborhoods that are,
are,
are facing pressure that other people don't have to face.
And why,
why,
why don't they do that?
If Halliburton could make billions of dollars rebuilding Iraq,
why the fuck can't they make billions of dollars rebuilding ghettos?
Like,
I don't understand why that's not somehow or another profitable to,
to like to have a society that has less people that are fucked up,
less people in trouble,
less people that are losers.
That's a better,
well yeah,
but then like what I think that what a right wing thinker would say to you by
bootstraps or know that you're talking about socialism,
that you know in a sense that,
you know,
in order for private industry to be involved in that what,
what private industry wants to do and they want to privatize everything in the
right wingers is that,
sure they would love to do that,
but they don't want to do it for the poor people.
What they'd like to do is we'd love to rebuild this neighborhood.
How do we kill all these poor people and gentrify this actually,
how do we arrest them then how Burton will come down and say like,
look,
you know,
we got rid of them all night and now you could actually have kids here and,
and,
and could put them where you even made the school better.
But does it have to be either or?
I mean it's,
it seems like it doesn't have to be that way just because that's really not
necessarily socialism.
What did it,
what it is is like if the government is,
but yeah,
but because full socialism in my mind it's like,
it's a broad spectrum of what,
I mean,
it's socialism in a sense.
It's like cultural socialism,
like a community socialism.
Like the idea of,
you know,
everybody should pay a price to keep the world healthy and if you make more
money,
you should pay some money back to,
to create a healthy environment around you and to help give it back to the
system.
I agreed.
If that's sort of socialism,
I don't,
I don't necessarily,
whatever,
I don't want to label what it is,
but more your idea of community,
right?
Your question is,
is that with so much money in the world and with the,
you know,
living in,
in a,
in a great country which we live in as a,
an abundance of wealth,
why are there still people living in third world poverty and why are there
people that,
uh,
you know,
have to,
grow up with,
with no hope and no real future,
uh,
in the,
in the s and it's stacked against him and instead of the words,
Whoa,
why is it that it's,
why is nothing being done?
It's not the why of these things.
Why do they exist?
There's always going to be a broad spectrum of,
of,
uh,
of the condition of people from the worst case scenario to the best case
scenario.
There's always going to be that.
But why is there not any focus on that?
I mean,
it's always reason the jobs,
the folks in the class and focus on in the political dialogue,
right?
But like,
I mean I think those are the real heroes of,
of whatever you call progressive are the people that are working on a community
level,
on an account level,
on a city level too,
to help people that are in trouble and to help people that can't afford and to
help make
life easier for those who,
the idea that somehow or another it's equal opportunity for everybody in this
country after a certain point becomes a little bit
Nicholas.
It's totally ridiculous.
It's,
there's,
there's no starting point that's equal.
The only thing that is equal is we're here together.
That's it.
And some people get super lucky and some people have a shit roll the dice and
there's no getting around that.
And there's some sort of humility and understanding that you got lucky and
there's an obligation if you did get lucky,
this sort of give a little bit back or to to help a little or to,
you know,
to,
to mentor or to offer guidance.
I think that's great.
That's,
I mean that's,
those are,
you know,
progressive ideas and a good start.
And like,
I used to do a joke,
I never really worked about how,
I never thought there would be,
you know,
universal healthcare in this country because you know,
the system needs to turnover that like,
you know,
they need poor people to die,
because they can't,
you know,
you don't,
the,
they believe the system can't afford it.
I mean that's where you get all that weird welfare state thinking.
That's where,
you know,
the right wings as you know,
are,
are completely against,
you know,
food stamps or any sort of program that that feels like a,
a shell out to people that aren't doing their part or lazy or that kind of Shit.
It's,
it's a bad frame.
And you know,
some of the greatest things about this country has been helping people that can
help
themselves.
Yeah.
And a lot of those people were fucking children.
And if you think that children need to be pulled and put them show up by moves,
cramp,
that's,
it's a ridiculous point of view.
It just,
And it's not a,
it's not a,
it's not honest.
So healthy for you,
either it's not healthy for anybody to pretend that these people were in these
fucked up neighborhoods.
Well,
they didn't just get a terrible roll the dice.
That's right.
And it's like,
yeah,
I think that,
you know,
understanding are really feeling the joy of being selfless in any way is tricky
for angry people.
Yeah.
You know,
one of the things that I'm really happy about this Trayvon Martin case is that
no one's writing.
It's really interesting.
There's peaceful protests and I think that is not just commendable.
I think it's a huge moment in our culture where people are,
it's almost like they're starting to learn like,
Hey,
don't fuck this up.
let's not hurt any innocent people.
Hey,
let's,
no,
I know you're pissed off.
Just not lightening buildings on
or in a cynical way.
Uh,
you know,
I think you're right.
But I also think sadly,
that the black community knew that this is the way it was going to play out.
Well,
there's a lot of people that feel like as the law was written,
what he did was justifiable.
Now,
is that a black white thing or is that a law thing and what it,
what,
where,
where does this get drawn?
Like how does this,
is it
Hispanic?
Yeah,
I guess not
white know.
I mean he was white,
but I mean,
you know what I'm saying?
No,
no,
I do.
It's a very tricky situation.
Yeah.
It comes down to guns.
Some of it,
some of it comes down to behavior.
Some of it comes down to community.
Some of it comes to us,
the way people were raised about guns.
You know,
the law,
that law,
first of all,
one of the reasons why that logs
this is because Florida is the fucking craziest place on the planet to Africa.
No,
I don't think you should.
But if you're a as terrified white person and you're a over 60 and you just like
to play golf,
you don't want to get carjacked and you start like hearing about all these
terrible,
you'll vote on these laws.
But that's a good point.
You just said terrified white person.
Yeah,
sure.
Terrified white people blue.
I'm not,
I'm not standing up.
No,
no,
no.
But there's a lot of it.
Is that right?
What's one of the things we're finding out on this TV show that I'm doing?
I'm a white people are a problem.
It's all white people looking for big foot's white people that are seeing the
Ufos,
white people that are investigating psychics.
It's all fucking white people.
I've met,
not one black person looking for big foot.
I had been squashing from months.
Now I haven't met a goddamn single black person looking for big foot.
Maybe you should,
maybe you should reach out and perhaps next time just go bring up this one.
Yeah,
I'll,
I'll bring,
I'll bring someone with me.
Yeah.
It's the,
uh,
the idea that we all start from an equal starting point ready go and the pistol
goes off.
It's crazy and it's,
it doesn't,
it doesn't hold up anymore.
It used to be when you were,
you know,
like we were talking about people that they were savages and the sixties and
seventies,
they didn't have the kind of information that we have today.
They didn't know.
They didn't have that,
that was a real fight.
I mean like,
you know,
the weird thing about that time it,
sort of civil rights wise and also the sort of radical,
the hippie movement and all that stuff is that that was a huge,
tremendous cultural shift shore.
So like in all that stuff was just blowing up.
So I mean,
yeah,
there were a lot of savages,
but there was also a lot of people fighting to,
to sort of open minds to get some,
you know,
to get some justice and know it was,
it's kind of a mixed bag.
You know,
my,
one of my favorite cities in the country,
San Francisco,
and uh,
it's,
I have a long relationship with the city.
I lived there when I was a little kid.
It was like responsible and a lot of ways for sort of how I viewed the world
when I was really young.
Um,
but it also has like,
almost like,
you know,
when a bell,
when someone rings a bell and it's got this echo to it.
Yeah.
And then you can't quite tell when the echo's gone away.
San Francisco still has that from like the hippie movement of the 60s just think
dust in the air that the evolution.
Like I lived there for a couple of years and I used to do a joke about that.
It's like,
you know,
you can go down on the,
uh,
towards the upper Haight and there's those guys you see on the street that took
Jim Morrison device in the 60s and broke on through to the other side,
but never made note of the door back.
And they'd be like,
you got a dollar.
And they just give you that fucking 10,000 yard stare from too much
hallucinogenics and you're like,
sure,
I'll give you a dollar if you give back,
whatever you just took out of my soul with your fucking eyeballs.
I want to move to San Francisco.
And I fucked up and brought my wife to Haight Ashbury.
And then we went and walked with our little cats into the park afterwards.
It was,
fuck,
it was so many cracked out homeless people on skateboards.
And this is so much chaos.
But I think the spirit of that city,
you know,
not just the 60s but with,
um,
with the,
the gay rights movement in the evolution that it's always been sort of a haven
for real open minded shit.
Like even when I moved there for two years to do comedy,
they were very supportive,
uh,
comedy audience and they liked comedy.
That kind of took chances and it's always been,
you know,
for,
mental adventurers,
it's always been my favorite place to perform.
[inaudible] I feel like the place that holds you up to the highest standards,
higher standards of thinking and it makes you like,
what are you,
where are you going with this?
Right.
It's a,
it's a smarter place that seemed more aware and it's trippy to dude.
I mean I lived there for two years.
I didn't know what the fuck was going on ever from neighborhood to neighborhood.
I'm like,
who's in charge here?
What the fuck is happening?
You could go one block and you're like,
wow,
this feels pretty peaceful,
but there's a little bit of menace and then two blocks weight or you're like,
oh,
I just entered a fucking chaos vortex here.
I lived there when I was between h seven and 11.
And when I was seven,
my step dad's sister came to live with us and she would go next door to these
gay folks and they would all take their clothes off and play bongos.
I smoke weed.
I remember I was seven.
I was like,
what kind of a fucking reality do I live in?
Went from Newark,
New Jersey to my aunt getting naked,
playing bongos.
This gay black dude.
And his boyfriend was hilarious.
That's why people went to San Francisco.
It was an amazing place.
I didn't,
and I tell the story in the podcast,
I didn't know what a nigger,
man,
I didn't know what it meant until I moved to Florida.
We went from San Francisco to Florida.
Yeah.
And,
uh,
my dad was,
going to the University of Florida,
Gainesville.
And,
uh,
I,
my friend was talking about the niggers and I came to,
I came home to my mother.
I was like,
what does that mean?
She goes,
you know what it means?
I go,
I don't know what it means.
And then she goes,
it's a,
it's a bad word for black people.
And I was like,
what?
I couldn't,
I was like,
I was so blown away.
how stupid is my fucking friend?
Like he's,
he's saying that,
but it was like that mentality I didn't experience in San Francisco and San
Francisco in the 70s,
from 19,
from a guest,
67,
600 students.
How many?
Um,
74 to 77 is when I lived at San Francisco and that,
it was,
it was such an open minded place.
It was amazing.
Yeah,
no,
it's beautiful.
I mean,
the first time you,
you hear that word used as an adult,
even casually,
when somebody casually uses that word,
it's almost like this weird,
you know,
kind of like test.
They,
you know,
they,
they kind of test you with it and you,
you,
you got to sit there and be like,
I'm not gonna,
I can't do this.
Whatever it is.
Did you hear that story about the Goldman Sachs guy that's in critical condition
went up some black couples,
you know,
saying something about niggers and this guy knocked them out.
We'll know that.
I thought this story was,
he was sort of in trouble and wobbly.
The guy helped him,
the guy who stood up to help him and then he fucking lit out on the guy said
this Nigga one nigger,
right?
Watson fighting.
Yeah.
And then that's that moment dude.
Yup.
That's that moment that black people have to live with that we don't have to
live with.
Yeah.
And especially if for some fucking trunk,
Wall Street Dickhead,
I feel like I should tell you that a piss on the bed story,
I feel like,
yeah,
I have it in my head.
No,
no,
no.
There's nothing to apologize about,
but I got to pee and I don't want to,
you know,
I don't.
You Go pee and I'll,
I'll talk to this little fella.
Oh,
I can do that.
Yeah,
you can do that.
It was three of us.
All right.
Where's the bathroom?
Well,
right through that door and to the right hand side.
All right.
We're going to talk some shit about you as soon as you leave.
So I was in Toronto.
Gi played the underground cafe and everyone says hi.
Everyone loves you there.
That place is so cool and it's so amazing that even exist there.
Yeah.
Don't say too much because I don't think we'll be doing,
those are
the nicest folks.
It's a,
I did that place with the iron sheet,
came on stage with me the last time I was there.
Every last was in town,
so everybody came to one of my shows.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Toronto is a bad ass town,
man.
It really is an amazing place.
Canada in general is like one of my favorite places to perform,
but I don't know.
It's hard to pick up a best cause I had a great time in Winnipeg.
I was there too.
But Vancouver and Toronto,
it's all day.
It's weird seeing how Toronto like seems like it has so much money like that
city everywhere you go there.
So I think it's 70% of all cranes in the world are in Toronto and these are
cranes that you can't just move from one country to country.
Is that a real statistic?
Somebody told me there so they live there and I don't trust him.
I Google that shit.
How the fuck are 70% of all the cranes in Toronto?
That shit's,
I don't,
not possible.
I mean maybe it's not,
but bunch of Google it real quick.
Should we should answer these questions.
It's not like we live in the dark ages and we don't have the Google,
but it's just amazing how much money they have.
Like,
like people cause each one of these Skype,
there was everywhere you look,
skyscrapers were being built in each one of these skyscrapers probably are
thousands and thousands of people and just like where are the condom?
He didn't take a shit like ours did.
Theirs was affected somewhat by ours.
We're talking about Canada,
but they didn't have the mortgage crisis that we had in America.
It's just,
it's not the same sort of a scenario.
There are economies that actually based on worth and value,
maybe sort of,
what am I talking about?
I'm talking like I understand the economy.
How funny is that?
It's tricky,
but it business,
I fucking how many cranes they have up there,
Brian,
let's see.
It says here,
currently there are about 300 tower cranes working in Canadians.
Largest city Canadia can get an idea.
Sounds like a real website.
Paul said that before that,
okay.
What does it say?
45% is what?
This is 45% of the worlds' cranes,
it seems like,
I don't know.
It's a weird,
Jamie was,
it said,
I don't trust Brian.
He can't read.
No,
it just doesn't really make too much sense.
It looks like it's saying 45%
yeah.
In residential construction.
It's fucked up.
Yeah.
Well,
whatever.
Canada's awesome.
Do you,
uh,
do you work up there?
Yeah.
I like going to Canada.
I love Vancouver.
I've been to,
I've been to Vancouver,
Montreal,
Toronto,
Winnipeg,
Calgary.
I thought about moving to Vancouver in 2004 it's very briefly when Bush won the
reelection.
I was like,
you gotta be fucking kidding me.
this is so great.
I had a whole bit about it,
you know,
that whole bit about let's you like my whole bit about George Bush was that
after they put him into office that a bunch of people were sitting around going,
I think we can go dumber.
You know,
like I look how dumb they are.
Like they love him.
Like I think we can go dumber and that,
you know,
it was like the whole thing about him winning again.
Like what is he saying?
Did you teach him the worth?
Teaching them the fucking words.
Have you ever seen a more confident,
more on this is like you won again.
He won again.
Really?
And why are we going to war with them?
Yeah.
And how'd they,
how'd they figure?
How'd they write that down?
Yeah.
Okay.
And they bought that Holy Shit.
Sure.
He just tapped into that anger dude.
Well,
there's,
he's,
um,
he actually is a saying so really rational things when it comes to immigration.
We're a nation.
It's fascinating.
It's like they've given him some,
a left leaning talking points,
you know,
as an older gentleman,
you know how Mr. Bush,
I would just,
we'd,
we'd appreciate it if you,
you know,
softening those guys are,
the thing is,
is that the,
you know,
in the 60s there's something called,
I don't know you,
maybe you can look it up.
I think it's called the Powell doctrine.
I don't check it out.
There was something written in the 60s after the big revolution in the hippies
and everything else that the chamber of Commerce got together and they said,
look,
what almost happened here in our minds is that,
you know,
we came very close to,
to socialism,
taking over and at that time of group of business thinkers said,
capitalism could never be threatened again.
No matter what,
whatever we have to do to guarantee the safety of capitalism is what needs to be
done.
So all this other shit,
when it comes right down to it,
politics,
anything else all these guys give a fuck about is capitalism.
You know,
democracy is secondary.
It's sort of a money laundering operation,
right?
So all they want to do pretty leery tune in,
drop out shit.
People are like,
no,
no.
They felt that,
you know,
with the SDS,
uh,
you know,
in some of the other,
they really thought that there was going to be that,
that,
that the,
the structure of capitalism was threatened.
And when it comes right down to it,
it's all,
it's about,
you know,
most of the,
the right wing guys and most of the moped that most politicians are owned and,
and all they give a fuck about is that the money keeps flowing.
They don't really care about people.
They just,
you know,
the trick of politics is to placate enough people into thinking that things are
okay and going their way so they can go on making money.
That's it.
Yeah.
Especially in this day and age.
And when you think about what had happened in between the 1950s in the 1960s
what a devastating change in culture.
I mean,
do people that were in positions of power,
when all of a sudden you have this weird rock and roll movement and these
hippies and you've got Woodstock and you know these people on acid and they're,
they're,
they're behaving in ways and no one's ever behaved throughout history.
We've never had groups of people,
flower power and the Ken Keasy in the Merry Pranksters,
everyone's holding and shit like what the fuck is going on?
The weather underground and you're having orgies and trying to blow up banks and
established order was nervous.
It was craziness.
It was such a radical shift.
And,
and it was also psychedelic that the people who were established and the older
folks and a lot of evil people that had got away with a lot of shit for a long
time,
they did not want any of it.
They didn't want,
none of this had to stop.
It's how to stop in order to get this country back on track.
Let's,
you know,
full on reefer madness,
whatever the fuck we have to try to get people back in gear and everything.
It's
sort of a,
a sham that what becomes sad is that if there are enough people in this country
that think they're okay,
that's enough to keep the momentum going.
Yeah.
Because the people that are really fucked rarely have a voice and the people
that are way better than okay,
they're just moving the parts around.
So like this whole,
the status quo is what drives this whole thing is this.
If enough people,
like if you can't get people angry enough to vote,
like you know,
if you look at the voting numbers,
how many people really vote?
I can hardly anybody cause they,
they're just hopeless or they're like Nah to hell.
Differences are going to make they fucking,
they like when people were pissed off,
they like to divide and conquer.
They like when there's a lot of fucking ridiculous fights going on about
bullshit so that way they can just keep pillaging.
What did you think about hacking democracy?
I'm sure you saw that.
I didn't see it.
The Hbo Documentary,
which one was that?
There was the one where they show the Diebold,
but before Diebold changed,
well,
I was part of that.
I was at Air America when all that shit was happening with the machines.
Yeah,
craziness.
The craziness is just like,
if I can tell people what it is.
So the debug machines were owned by a company that was a right wing supporter
and was I think owned by a big donator to $1 million.
No,
you should dollars at camp.
The idea was the deep old machines were rigged,
that they were rigged and that,
you know,
and then it became the standard that Bush,
I think put it through that it was,
it was the standard machine that was going to be used for most of the voting
systems,
certainly in Ohio and certainly in the places that were questionable.
And to clarify for folks who haven't seen it,
first of all see it.
If you can,
if you're an interesting cause,
it's amazing how transparent the corruption is and it's amazing how little this
does gets discussed.
They designed a machine for voting that allows a third party input and they
proved it on the HBO show that you could rig an election.
Sure.
They had their own little election and they,
they rigged it and then got,
they've always recollections one way or the other course because the way it's
broken down and gerrymandering and these districts and like,
it's all the Florida black people where the craziness that went down there.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
Sorry.
You cannot vote.
Oh,
there's no machine.
Oh yeah.
We got some wood says the urine.
A criminal.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
Put a bunch of people's names,
credible criminal damage databases.
And they would have to prove they're not a criminal in order to be able to vote.
I think in the history of voting,
both parties have stolen elections.
I would have to imagine.
I bet.
I bet they would justify it.
The left could justify it,
you know,
I don't know if they could.
I think that like,
you know,
politicians at their best,
uh,
in terms of how they're,
sort of taken in by the war.
There were bullshit.
The ones that really have big hearts,
White Bernie Sanders and you know,
the,
you know,
uh,
what was it?
The fine gold [inaudible] he's gone now that there's some people that then
honest,
we want to help people.
But most of the govern,
well,
yeah.
I,
I wish I had more education about,
you know,
what,
you know what it was like then because I am not a huge student of things,
but there are good politicians with good hearts who are fighting for the
underdog and for rights because you know,
even like when we talk about what the patent troll thing [inaudible] was,
an interesting thing is that,
you know,
when you really are in a jam legally and you realize,
the cost of it is to get any sort of protection or justice in this country is
completely stilted in completely fucked up.
That even the court systems are not designed to accommodate,
you know,
just basic human issues anymore.
It's frightening because when she really hits the fan,
if you don't have bread,
you're fucked.
You're just fucked.
And,
and,
and that's the way that the people with bread like it,
it's like that's how they can protect their bottom line with bad food,
with anything class action suits,
tort reform.
I'm just throwing out a bunch of things now,
but like it's the whole idea that when,
you know,
like corporate corporations would like it if the,
if they would reform the legal system so they could put caps on payouts in
lawsuits and if that ever happens,
then there's absolutely no justice for anybody because the,
the whole idea of a lawsuit against a corporation that fucks people is you want
to hurt them.
So if they can't,
if you can't hurt them anymore and they can just work it into their bottom line,
then it's like that Ford Pinto thing.
Do you recall or do you just pay out to the people that got killed that blow up
and that is exactly what it is.
And it's w w we live in a strange time where there's,
there's corporations that have done amazing things.
They've created amazing products.
It probably wouldn't get done without those corporations.
But then there's the lack of humanity that gets sort of a written in the idea
that they can act as an individual,
they can vote.
That's how the,
that's how it's been structured now.
And it's because this diffusion of responsibility that comes in a giant group
where the giant group,
you mean you could be working for Halliburton and making a good living and don't
feel bad about yourself at all.
Meanwhile,
you're not,
you fucking companies involved some evil shit,
but it's like the Nazis.
I thought we were making it better,
but yeah,
the fact that they're protected and regular people aren't,
is fucking nuts.
Bananas.
And it's a part of our society that,
are you leaving there bu yeah,
I got to go.
Where are you going by the comedy store?
Have Fun.
Say Hi Tony.
I said Hi.
I come to San Diego.
Yeah,
San Diego fuckers.
All right.
Let me lay out this Kennison story.
Um,
yeah.
Somebody peed in your bed,
like getting greatest comic of all time during the year where he was the
greatest.
See Paul where he was the greatest thing.
People have heard this,
but fuck it.
I,
I mean this is why to me,
this is the,
that period of the comedy store in a nutshell.
Cause you've been there,
you know the Vibe,
you know,
bullet hole in that place from Kinison I miss that.
I miss that.
I got out right before the guns can't sign was important to me because to know
that that can happen,
that someone can shoot something through a fucking sign right there.
Yeah.
I missed the gun part.
I got out before this,
it was this moment that got me out and you know,
coming back to the voices was that there was this guy that used to hang around
the store.
He was,
he called himself a satanist.
His name was Dave.
He woke like Christopher Walken and he was a junkie and he used to hang around.
You couldn't get him out.
You know,
there are,
those guys are hanging in the store.
It's like he's not going to,
I can never get rid of them.
Yeah.
So like he'd hang around,
he had like a pentagram tattooed over his heart.
He was like this,
you know,
just a fucking nut bag.
And he was a drug addict,
but he used to hang around and Sam hated him.
Same,
just fucking hated this guy.
Sam was a bit of a bully,
but he really,
he,
he just didn't want this guy round and you couldn't get rid of him.
So,
you know,
he used to hang around and we'd hang out with them.
Sometimes he'd get his coke and whatever.
But he was one of those guys,
he hung around and he was a satanist and you know,
you know,
you don't really think Satan would be annoying,
but he wasn't knowing in this particular manifestation.
So one night,
you know,
I remember Sam and me and Carl,
it was,
I don't remember what we were celebrating,
but Sam brought all his guitars up to crest hill and him and me and Carl jammed
out on the patio.
We had an,
so we had guitars and shit.
We had this big jam session.
We ate food is like a little party.
And then,
you know,
we had to go to the comedy store or whatever,
but you know,
all the equipment was in my room.
He just said,
keep this.
I'll come get it later.
So a couple of days later,
there's a party at the house,
people are showing up Sam's air and it's about 15,
20 people there and fucking Dave,
the satanist shows up and Sam hates Dave,
the state and this,
and you know,
I lived there and I was the kid.
He assigned me to give me money to go buy booze and Shit and get the house
ready.
Right?
So,
so Dave's there and Samsung are,
and I'm like,
oh,
this is not gonna be good.
And,
uh,
like in the middle of the party fucking,
you know,
Dave,
the Satan,
it says,
you know,
I'm going to tell Anton Lavanya about you and [inaudible] the clown that used to
run the Church of Satan.
He,
I can tell him,
you're not a real satanist.
And Sam just fucking loses it and just takes a drink and throws it in this guy's
face and pops him in the fucking head.
And the guy's shirts all ripped off and there's fucking confusion and people
were scattering and I'm like,
oh,
fuck.
And like,
you know,
the guy wouldn't leave still.
Like,
I pull them outside and I see you've got to get the fuck outta here.
He's like,
fuck that.
I'm not leaving.
I'm like,
well I gotta go.
My buddy bill was flying in from Boston to visit me and I told him about
everything that was going on in La and I was excited for it to happen and he's
flying in and I'm like,
why you don't got time to deal with you?
So I locked the satanist and my bedroom thinking I'm going to come back and get
him out after the shit settles.
It's right.
So now the satanist is in my room,
you know,
and,
and the guitars are in their whatever and I leave somehow is what cocoa do you
just use chunks.
But I leave,
I go pick up my friend bill at the airport and I go to his hotel with them and
crash air cause fucking,
I won't go back to whenever the fuck is happening at the house.
And the next morning,
like 10 in the morning,
I drive bill over to the house.
We walk in and,
and you know,
everyone's gone.
But Sam and like three other people and they're still doing blow.
Sorry.
It's so light out.
All right.
So you know,
I,
you know,
I first walked into the kitchen and walked back to the room.
I see the doors open,
all the guitars are gone.
My bed's fucked up.
Like the door had been broken,
been kicked in
because I think whatever.
So it had been kicked in.
And I then I walk out to the table and I see Sam there.
My friend Bill Steve had just gotten to town to standing there and Sam looks at
me and goes,
I pissed on your bed.
Mer.
You want to know why?
And I go,
yeah,
I do.
He goes,
cause you went that fucking moron,
sleep with my guitars.
And like,
then there's this word silence.
And I turned to bill and I said,
I told you I knew him
and that was the last time I slept in that bed.
And uh,
and then like what?
Ultimately leaving and after he peanut,
no,
no.
So it wasn't the last time.
Last time was before.
That happened.
Right before he keyed it.
I'm not going to ever,
I'm pissing in any way,
throw some towels down that queue,
I'm going to sleep now.
I,
to me it was like this is territorial fuck guy.
Yeah.
He peed on your spot.
Shit.
Yeah.
That is a territorial thing.
So,
uh,
you know,
ultimately what happened is I was still psychotic and I was hearing these voices
and uh,
and I swear to God,
I was sweeping it.
I went to Steve Kravitz's house.
So when you're going to Steve Kravitz's house to get away from drugs,
you know,
you're fucked up.
So again,
so I go to Kravitz House and I'm crashing over there,
there,
you know,
cause he,
I think Pearl was going up and down from the bay area.
And so I crashed in a bed there.
And I remember laying there just,
you know,
I literally out loud,
I was thinking like,
how far out can I go?
And I swear to God on my memory of voice I'd never heard before.
Clearly in my right ear said,
you've gone far enough and I fucking left.
I packed up whatever I could in my car,
I say goodbye to a few of the dudes at the store and I fucking left.
Like I freaked out in the parking lot of the comedy store,
you know,
after Sam pissed on my bed and everyone was pissed off at me.
Like I was out in the parking lot and like I was kicked out of the group and I
was fucking out of my mind.
I'm blow in psychosis and I'm out there and I'm like,
just sort of like,
you know,
Schubert came up to me,
he's like,
no dude,
it's going to blow over man.
You just fucked up.
And I'm like,
fuck you.
You're one of them.
You're fucking one of them breaking glasses,
you know,
like it's just complete fucking meltdown.
It was sad and I'm like,
you're all fucked up.
You fuck,
you know,
like I thought,
cause me and Schubert were friends.
I thought he had turned on me.
And then I went up to the drug dealer and I,
and I was like,
you know which are the permanent mustache?
No,
no,
the Arab.
Oh,
the scary guy.
that guy.
Yeah.
Okay.
And I'm like,
uh,
you know,
I don't know what to do man.
I'm kicked out of the group and he goes,
you gotta,
you gotta get Outta here.
You guys,
you gotta do your own thing.
If the drug dealers telling you to leave,
it's time to like,
and I just fucking left man.
And I was hearing voices and I drove to my brother's.
He was going to school in Tucson.
Were the voices saying clear shit?
No.
It was like,
it's like,
it's almost like a rumbling.
It's almost right.
Yeah.
More than one.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's like almost like a,
you like chatter,
like a room full of people who aren't converts.
Exactly.
You're trying to like isolate.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Wow.
But,
but the one time you've gone far enough.
Yeah.
That was clear.
Clear.
I've used probably my better self.
You know,
you ever had other things that it said to you that made sense like that?
No,
I was GI,
I was really looking for instruction.
I felt like I had
an important assignment the way he said
looking for instruction.
Yeah.
Man,
this is so fascinating to me because a such a huge fan of and and you know to,
for you to have been a part of the craziest days of his life ever.
I think the gun part was a little crazier,
but the first guy that ever made me think that I could do stand up.
Yeah.
I never thought I would see like Jerry Seinfeld and I was a big fan of Seinfeld.
I went to a paid to see him before comedy,
but I was like,
I could never do that.
It's not me.
But then I saw Kennison I was like,
oh that's comedy too.
Oh yeah.
Oh comedies.
Weird like comedy.
He's got like a bunch of different ways to it.
And then I started considering it when you were around though.
I,
cause I don't like before I really knew who he was.
I remember one time he was in Boston and he went to the comedy connection.
Do you remember that?
I didn't see him there.
I just saw him.
But I write Hicks there.
I saw him live,
I saw him live at great woods,
great woods.
And I saw him live at some other place when he started sort of fallen off.
He was getting smaller and smaller places.
It was in the Cape and it was not that many people there.
That's a sad arc for me.
It was so important.
Cause he was,
when I first saw him,
I first saw that special.
I was like,
Holy Shit.
So for me to see a guy who was that good become that bad,
I was like,
Ooh,
that can happen.
But you got to let that happen.
You've got a window,
man.
I don't agree with that.
I think some people I've heard Cosby is as good,
if not better than you have any special.
I've heard he's amazing.
I can't say that's true.
I think you're right.
You know,
I mean I think,
I think you can maintain and nourish a career if you don't burn too hard and you
don't fucking fuck yourself.
The burn too hard though is a big issue and you can do that without drugs.
You certainly can,
and I don't want to name any names,
but I know some comics that at one point in time were great and then two,
three specials in.
You hear their stuff you'd like,
this is not interesting to me.
Like what you're talking about is not interesting.
I don't feel any pants hard.
I think it's hard.
I think like once you get on that schedule where you're like,
I'm going to do an hour a year.
Like even Carlin,
I mean,
yeah,
there was a couple of years where you're like,
no,
it's okay.
I wouldn't,
I would go,
you one better.
I think there was a couple of years where he was terrible.
I saw him in mass in New Hampshire.
I went to see him and I'm a huge Carland fan.
Yeah.
But I went to see him at,
um,
remember that place.
Hampton Beach,
Hampton Beach Casino,
Eh,
kind of.
I brought my roommates with these knuckleheads,
just starting doing comedy.
And Carlin was in this weird stage where he would just go onstage and rant about
things and he had this bit where he would literally just go and fuck the Jews
and fuck the Nazi's and fuck politics.
I mean that was the whole bit.
He wasn't,
it was,
he was working on it.
He was like,
fuck comedy clubs,
I'm not working out my stuff.
Like he would go on stage with pads,
like legal pads.
Yeah.
And it was just like raw ideas and he was working out,
it was almost like he was losing his mind.
He probably was,
I think he had a pain pill problem.
And I don't know if it coincided with that.
I don't know if that was around the same time,
but I know that he went into Rehab for pain pills.
Maybe it might've been a fog.
Chris Rock said something funny about car on.
It's like,
you know,
towards the end,
you know the later Carlin,
he said,
yeah,
sometimes you know,
he gets caught up with things that don't,
aren't really relatable and Cmo will,
you know,
off,
off road.
But in every special there's going to be one bit,
one bit where you like,
damn,
that's a good pit.
Well that's what I think the real issue with not hashing out your shit over a
long period of time.
Cause like if you're trying to bang out a new hour every year you can,
uh,
it's hard to really flesh out these ideas to their maximum.
Sure.
And also as,
as your life becomes a little smaller if you get more successful,
you know,
it,
it's also relative because my,
you know,
like I've been busy,
I did the show for IFC and shit and I've never been this busy in my life.
And your life gets smaller when you get busy.
I mean,
you know,
you've got to make a point to like sort of get out of your comfort zone and go
places or think about shit,
have opinions on stuff because when you get busy you're fucking [inaudible].
It's all right here.
It's all contained and then you can get really selfish about it.
And then your,
your points of view.
Like I go on trips on purpose.
Like,
I went to Alaska recently.
Fucking amazing.
I would live there anchorage.
I would live there.
I lived in Anchorage for two years when I was a kid.
I had vague memories of it.
69 71 my dad was in the,
in the service and we lived there and I have vague memories of,
you know,
just a sky and booking salmon and amazing.
I went with Ari,
Ari and I should fear,
oh we did a,
we did some fishing up there for a couple of days and we did some stand up and
it was great.
There was,
the best thing about it was the people,
the Alaska,
there's something about people where they have this like sense of community.
Oh yeah.
Cause freeze to death.
You can get eaten by a bear.
They're like off the grid in a way.
They're like,
fuck the rest of the world.
We're going as far away from the rest of it as possible.
But they were very civil and they were also very liberal.
That was one of the interesting things.
They're very progressive.
Like there was,
um,
Christians for equality and there was this big demonstration for all these
Christians that were supporting marriage equality and they were like holding up
these signs and people were honking and I was like,
what a trippy place,
you know,
this is a trippy place.
Like we,
you know,
we were really impressed.
Ari and I both felt the same way or like this is a pretty radical place.
I haven't been up there as a grown up.
I went up to a fair banks wants to do a college gig and I remember it was very
funny because when you fly into the center of Alaska,
if I'm,
I think that's where I went.
I think it's sort of towards the center bit.
You just flying over Tundra.
I mean there's nothing,
nothing.
And I remember getting out and I remember asking Ck,
I said,
well,
you know,
you did that Gig,
right?
And He's,
and I'm like,
how is it?
And he looks at me and goes,
they're just happy you're came there.
They're happy to see you.
And like,
I remember getting picked up by a woman who worked at the school
and just driving through nothing.
And I remember we drove by like these three little apartment buildings that were
sitting by themselves and she goes to,
that's the bad neighborhood.
That's hilarious.
Yeah.
There's the bad miners.
Whatever's going on there.
And our kids,
I think as I get older,
I appreciate smaller and smaller towns.
You know,
I think where I'm going eventually wound up settling is probably boulder.
Yeah.
I really liked boulder.
I wonder where to get out area.
I think also what you're doing now,
my children,
my family,
my wife,
um,
and the podcast and my friends.
There's,
I have a lot of friends here and you know,
all,
all my best friends live.
Right.
And one of the things that I did realize,
even though I only lived in Colorado for a few months,
I lived there for about three months,
about four years ago.
But one of the things that I,
uh,
I really,
realize about it is I,
I really missed my friends when I have,
when you have a lot of people in your life that you,
you get a lot out of,
you know,
you get a lot of happiness and friendship and when those people aren't around,
it's like,
Ooh,
this is kind of weird.
You know,
like now all of a sudden I'm in this new place
and you and you,
you don't have the,
the,
yeah.
I don't know because I think like,
I,
I'd like to live someplace simpler,
but like,
I'm sort of tethered here because of the way that my,
the work is going.
But like there's this fantasy about it.
Yeah.
Cause I,
I don't have enough fun.
I don't hang out enough.
Like I just went to Seattle for this sub pop silver jubilee thing and I was
hanging out with Eugene Mirman,
Jon Glaser,
John Benjamin,
uh,
and uh,
and we went and saw music but that,
but those guys I had forgotten,
man,
I fucking laughed so fucking much.
Glazer and Benjamin are fucking hilarious.
I don't know them.
They,
uh,
well he,
Jon Benjamin,
he's done a lot of voice work.
He's on Bob's burgers.
He did.
He was the son on Doctor Katz.
He also did a,
Jon Benjamin has a van on a comedy central.
He's gotten Glazer's also.
He used to write for Conan and he's done,
he does d located on comedy central,
that show with the guy who's in the witness protection program.
I don't know.
They're not standups per se,
but their comic guys and they do bits,
well no,
they did a bit,
they did this weird bit.
They're improvisers in a way,
but fucking dude,
it was just like,
I'd forgotten.
Like I was just hysterical for,
for an hour.
Like,
you know when you really laughed.
Oh yeah.
And then I think like,
why the fuck am I not doing this more?
You know,
like got to get out and be like,
and then you,
and then you've got to go through the list of people.
That makes me laugh that much.
Well,
that's a shorter listen,
I thought,
and I don't wanna get too far away from them.
Well,
I had one of the best times I had recently was a Stan hope and I were in the
same town just coincidentally.
We were both in Cincinnati at the same time.
So after my show was over,
I drove to his show and watched his show.
And then afterwards we went next door and tended bar.
We tended bar together and uh,
I was pouring people drinks.
I don't know how to make drinks.
I was just pouring,
it was pouring people a lot of shots of whiskey.
And I know the bar wasn't getting enough money so I wasn't collecting any money.
Right.
So then I would take some money of my wallet,
just
throw it into the tail,
just like,
here's 100 bucks,
depending on what I just gave away.
It was craziness.
It was fun.
Cause it's Cincinnati,
you know,
it's not la,
right.
There's some,
there's things you,
things that you can do is fun.
You can have in a smaller place that you just can't have in this month's trust.
Monstrous.
I don't even know.
Propolis.
Yeah.
I don't even like I right now I'm just trying to,
you know,
we were going to,
I was going to try to get a little bigger house cause I got the,
the woman,
you know,
I'm going to get married again and she apparently needs a second bathroom.
I live in a fucking cabin.
I've got a two bedroom house up on a hill and I've been to your place,
but you know,
chicks the place though.
It's a nice neighborhood.
Nice.
Okay.
So I think we're going to build on,
that's what we're doing know in the backyard.
Yeah.
Oh that's cool.
I'm going to try that on too,
because you know,
it's like you create something together.
You don't just need to,
I need to,
I gotta erase whatever remnants or are the ex wife,
oh,
that's whatever.
Reminders.
She tried to steal that from you,
didn't she?
Yeah,
but she couldn't.
Beautiful.
It was the end of that funny though that someone would try to steal your house.
Dude,
it's some woman you put your penis in.
She's like,
I'd like your house.
It's horrible.
Like I gotta be honest with you.
I mean,
that whole process that almost killed me.
I believe it.
And that the,
the only gift of it was if it was that,
you know,
I bought that thing before we were married.
We were together,
but it was in my name and there was nothing she could do legal,
she's trying to get you to put it in her name,
right?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
That's so scary,
man.
And I knew it though.
I knew it innately.
Like you,
you know,
like,
you know when a calculation,
yeah.
Because all I would say is like,
what difference does it make?
We're married with different,
you know,
what difference does it make?
Right.
And I kept pushing it off and I'm so fucking grateful.
She almost bankrupted me out of it.
But uh,
but he tried to bleed you by prolonging lawyers do,
you don't even know how much it is them.
Because like the weird thing about divorce is that,
you know,
both sides,
my attorney and their attorney and her attorney,
they're just wanted,
they were just running money through you.
So you don't know who to trust.
Really.
The big,
you know,
if you ever get divorced to best thing you can fucking do is just agree
together.
You know what,
how are we going to do this?
You know what mediate because as soon as someone gets a lawyer involved,
they're like,
they're almost like pimps.
They'll turn that person out and they'll put ideas in their head that they
didn't have before and they've got every angle possible cause whoever's got the
money,
that's the money that's going to run through both,
you know,
profit and resolving things.
They profit and arguing and dre dragging them out.
But also they fill the minds up with this sort of like,
oh,
he's hiding money.
I'm like,
I think money,
you know,
like I didn't even have that much money.
I mean I had money,
but like if you can somehow she threw the fucking anger and bullshit just to
fucking media.
Even if it gets ugly,
as soon as you both,
you know,
lawyer up,
you're fucked.
All your money's going to go to pay for her defense to pay for your defense.
Whoever's got the money,
that money's going to go out.
I had a whole bit about it because I watched a friend lose.
I mean he
was a very wealthy guy and he lost a giant chunk of everything that he earned
over a long marriage.
She was in a marriage for like 15 years,
no children,
nothing.
And it was that thing where the merit,
the divorce took more than a year and a half.
And I know it didn't even go to them.
No,
they all went to the,
went to the lawyers.
That's it.
Man.
And his wife did it on purpose.
Like she wanted to meet him.
He was paying for her lawyer as well.
The guy's got the money going to pay for everything.
That's what's incredible.
It's like going to war and you're paying for the enemy's general.
Yeah,
I mean it was insane.
I watched my friend like literally get to the point of murder,
suicide and it's insanity,
losing everything and you can't stop it and still working.
It's still working every day.
He had a regular job,
so he's working every day,
you know,
eight,
nine,
10 hours a day and all of it's going all of it.
It's the only resources.
You can't stop it.
That's the fucked up thing is like every time you think like,
okay,
so this is going to finish,
then your lawyer will go,
no,
but they can always do this.
I'm like,
why didn't you tell me about that before?
Right?
So now what does that even mean?
Because here's how divorces end.
Whoever's got the money goes,
all right,
how much?
How much does it,
how would you going to take to stop this?
Look at you.
You can so fired up.
Look at your eyes.
You have a fucking inferno behind your eyes when I don't talk about it anymore
because I know why we didn't talk about,
I know why the marriage went to shit.
You know?
And I can own my side of that,
but I do.
I cannot forgive her for what she put.
Know what you mean?
Yeah,
no,
I know what you mean.
It's the saddest thing in the world when someone you used to love turns against
you,
um,
like,
and you become the enemy.
I've seen it happen with people.
I've seen it happen on both sides,
men and women.
And this is the weirdest,
saddest,
most horrific thing.
This violent springback from ultimate love to you becoming the enemy.
Don't,
don't underestimate the power of the lawyers to prey on the vulnerability of
that.
See,
what happens is like,
I don't know necessarily that my wife said,
you know,
I want everything I know.
She felt she entitled it the House and I knew I wasn't going to give that up.
That's so crazy that someone feels entitled to Your House.
Well,
she lived there.
She decorated it.
I know.
How was somewhat entitled to Your House if you to live there for free.
Isn't that amazing?
Yeah.
That's amazing.
To me.
It's,
it's,
it's fucking horrifying.
But you can't,
the decline disclosure process,
all these tactics,
like I spent a year just making copies of fucking electric bills,
bank statements,
fucking like,
because when you have a business,
you know,
you run a lot of money through the business because you can,
right?
Because he's a business expenses and then you pay yourself at the end of your
business here.
So like that's your money.
But see this way or said no,
like all the money that he had coming in business or otherwise you're entitled,
you know,
so now I'm fucking,
I'm going to Kinko's with boxes of Shit,
you know,
and they subpoenaed this shit and they we,
and it's like it's a fucking nightmare.
Becomes your day.
I've never been more organized,
but you know what?
I love relationships.
I love love but legal when you,
you,
you connect the legal system to love.
I mean I have friends that don't have girlfriends and he doesn't,
don't have someone they're close to and they don't have good friends.
And when I watched that,
it's,
it's a weird thing to see someone where I know there's a deficit in
companionship,
whether it's boyfriend,
girlfriend or whatever,
it's buddies or whether it's,
there's a,
there's some people who have deficits and companionship,
but when you come connect friendship and money,
when even when two people who were buddies have some sort of a contract together
and one person leaves,
the other person has to pay them.
Could you imagine if you had a best friend and the the deal with the best friend
is,
yeah,
man,
let's fucking become roommates.
All right dude.
Hey man,
we're roommates.
Fucking love each other,
right?
Yeah.
Signed some shit right here.
So on this shit right here.
Yeah.
And if we don't,
not any friends anymore and then,
you know,
we just have to work it out.
See how much of your shit I can get from you.
Like what the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah.
That happiness to someone.
They're like,
hmm,
that does make sense.
I should probably connect to you legally.
It's also had these walls are exploited because the one thing I didn't know
about,
well you know,
after all was said and done was there like,
you know,
when I thought things were like starting to look up there,
you're good at,
the money's going to get fucking tapped no matter what.
You know,
I was able to keep the house,
but it was that close.
I mean,
I had a call my fucking mother
to borrow fucking money in the last thing,
you know,
towards the end of it,
like ours tapped off illegal stuff.
Yeah.
And ultimately what happens is then after all said and done,
then it's sort of like you got to do what spousal support.
Now this is the fucking yeah.
That you have to send money to someone who's trying to break you and steal your
house.
Even if there's no kids,
they're entitled to half a,
you know,
to spousal support for half of the term of the marriage.
Now originally when that was put in place,
it made sense because if you had a woman who was,
you know,
doing the standard housewife thing for 25 years,
her old man finds a younger chick and cuts her loose.
She got no way to enter the world.
So like I can see how the law made sense were women that like,
you know,
if the,
if the dude says I'm done,
I'm going to go fuck her.
She's the only one working.
Yeah.
Basically.
You know,
but she,
well,
she worked and she was writing and she was doing her standup and stuff,
but the spousal support thing gets exploited,
you know,
because like it's,
it,
you know,
she can earn money.
She is a person that can live in the world.
We weren't married 25 years.
I didn't take her out of the workforce.
So they exploit that to,
and they try to maximize that shit.
Ultimately what happened was I took a Gig,
like I was done with Air America and I was fucking going broke.
And that was when I was,
you know,
it was before the podcast and I was fucking miserable.
And I was like,
I was going down,
I had to call my mother for to loan me money and I took this Gig,
uh,
you know,
a new version of Air America where they had some money and they,
in someone who was part of the older American said,
let's try to do a streaming video show.
So me and Cedar did it,
you know,
they wanted me on my own,
but I was too fucking emotionally broken to fucking deal with the job.
But all I said going in and said,
look,
all I need,
I need you to give me this amount of money so I can stop hemorrhaging money to
this fucking idiot.
And you know,
so that was part of my deal.
I said,
you give me this money upfront so I can stop this.
Wow.
So like no matter what justice you think you're going to get or whatever you and
everyone ends up losing.
So basically it came down to I,
I called her up,
I said,
how much do you need to stop this?
How much was it at that time it was like 50 or 60 k o
oh,
it's so crazy.
That's so crazy.
It's so crazy.
And it happens to fucking everyone.
And the only way I was able to frame this ultimately,
it was funny because you know,
I loved her and she also introduced me to,
you know,
sobriety I can,
when she met me,
I was pretty much a mess and she got me into that groove,
you know,
into the recovery groups.
So,
you know,
she got me like I got sober so I could get her pussy.
Like,
you know that like I wasn't really thinking about getting sober,
but when she said,
you know,
you're,
you,
you know,
I know who you are,
you are great and now you look like you're dying,
you know,
do you need help?
And I'm like,
I ain't anything that I can,
I'll eat fucking [inaudible] backer man with you.
That's just going to follow you home.
And I was married at the time.
I'm like,
I'm going to leave her.
So like,
you know,
and I'm still sober.
So like on some,
on some level I owe her a debt for that.
Right.
So I remember like during the divorce,
after it was all done,
you know,
Geraldo was still alive and I know he'd been battling drugs for years and I knew
how much a divorce costs me,
you know,
all in all.
And I remember saying to him at the cellar,
I'm like,
so you've been in Rehab a few times,
like how much money do you think you've spent,
you know,
on Rehab,
in your life to try to get sober?
And he's like,
I don't know,
probably about 200 k.
I'm like,
all right,
I,
okay,
I'm going to look at that as that kind of spending.
I'm going to rationalize it.
That was
exactly the same just to get me out of trouble.
Oh well listen man,
I'm glad you pulled through it.
You're a success story.
You know,
you really are.
you're,
you're a,
you're a guy who figured out what you were doing wrong and you're a different
guy because of that,
like you're different,
interact with,
and it's been nice watching you have success.
It's been nice seeing you become this like softer,
easier to deal with.
I appreciate that.
It's been cool.
I mean,
and I think even since we last talked on microphones,
it's,
I've gotten better.
Well,
I think we needed to have a conversation for sure.
We needed,
we didn't know each other,
right?
Yeah.
But I think that,
you know,
I had some idea in my head that you know,
that you know you very earnestly and,
and,
and reasonably fought you.
Basically you were talking to me fighting my insistence that my idea of who you
were was really you and you were literally like,
yeah,
I don't know what you've made up something.
Well,
you also had to talk to Andy.
Dick can flavor things in different ways,
but there was also a weird,
we have just
because of who we were over the years.
But I,
I'm,
I'm glad we were able to do this and this finally happened.
I'm glad too.
There's a lot of fun.
Let's say more often.
Anytime we,
you and I can talk for days like this.
Absolutely.
Have to stop now because we're running out of time.
It was,
we were out at the end of three hours.
Yeah,
we're at the end of it.
Well,
thanks for having me.
Please.
Uh,
what the fuck would mark Marin,
uh,
that's the podcast.
Check it out,
download it.
He's got how many episodes you have now?
Over 400.
The most recent 50 are always available.
I think I got right and what's going up on Thursday?
I'm doing a live one from Boston and I put Jonah Hill up last week and I had to
run around today.
Mike Eagle,
beautiful alternative snapper.
You have 50 that are available for free and then,
and then you can get the cast.
You can get the APP,
go to WTF pod.
Dot.
How much does the APP cost?
Well,
you get a free app and then if it's like for a year it's like eight bucks.
You can stream all 400 beautiful,
beautiful.
And you know for people who are doing it's food to him,
let me tell you something.
Bandwidth is expensive.
It gets really weird in the podcast world and we are working,
we're working,
we're working over here.
We're giving you 50 for free.
You fuck.
Yeah.
That's the model that Dan Carlin uses as well.
You ever have him on your podcast?
Oh,
it's my favorite.
Dan Carlin's hardcore history.
He's a historian.
Yeah,
he's got the fucking most brilliant podcast online.
A fucking check it out.
You mean get the wrath of the cons of all about Gingiss con.
It's fucking credit.
I need to learn more.
It's like five hours of amazing black book on tape about Gang Iskcon and it gets
back in it.
I got to get out of me and out into the world again.
I'm doing it.
All right.
What the what the fuck?
pod.com WTF pod.com and follow him on Twitter.
Mark Marin Mar.
See?
Yes,
the crafty way of spelling it.
Thank you brother.
Thank you.
Browse a lot of fun.
It was thank you to squarespace.com for sponsoring this episode.
Go to squarespace.com forward slash and show and use the code named Joe Seven.
That's all one word.
If you the number seven Joe seven if you would like to make a website,
all you need to create a bad ass website,
squarespace.com we are also brought to you by on at.com.
That's o n n I t a the gorilla podcast,
the grill of podcast drill.
A kettle bell is coming out very soon.
Um,
I put some information up on my Twitter today.
My Twitter is just Joe Rogan.
You could find out there's some sort of a giveaway or some shit.
I don't know how it works,
but if you use the code name Rogan,
that's R,
O,
g a,
n,
you will save yourself 10% of any and all purchases of supplements.
We will be back tomorrow with the Great Shane Smith from vice.com and then most
likely a,
I'm going Ufo hunting with Duncan Trussell.
We're going to do a podcast on the road just like I did with Ari in Alaska.
All right.
Thank you everybody for all the love,
all the positive tweets,
all the great messages,
all the,
the informational tweets too.
I mean,
I think some people yesterday on Twitter just because I checked my Twitter and I
had like a hundred bad ass stories and articles that people were posting and
connecting me to things and I retweet as many of them that I think that are
really interesting,
but thanks a lot.
It's amazing.
It's a,
it's an incredible community that we've sort of established together and I just
wanted to let everybody know.
I appreciate the fuck out of it.
All right.
Thank you.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Big Kiss.
Yeah.